Unison Superstar Anand Rath United One Il
One team, that was a very awaited moment since morning.
Now after this match will be more interesting
To Watch Again Age Diamonds
Welcome Age Diamonds One Welcome One I Will One
Team
And welcome Unison Superstar and Anand Rath
United
Umpire Mr. Om Singh confirming
The Number Fielding and We Go in the Count of
Three to one game on
Just a single.
So Group C Stage Next Five Matches
Coming up. Live from Fatima Grounds
Mumbai
One of the iconic cricket grounds of
oh wow good bowling
The Batsman Thought for Some Time the Ball Will Go
Down the leg side but very good bowling
Sir in the news from the center Anand Rati
United one the tall let to ball first give
Invited Younis Super Star Bat and High In
The Air First Wicket and That's a First
wicket fall
And Anand Ra United The Gout Celebrates
Krishna Kumar a very easy catch is like a
Piece of cake into his hands.
So soft dismissal of Nikesh
Three Ball Two for One Unicent Superstar
Okay let's check out a little noise meter here.
How many supporters does Unison Superstar have?
make some noise
None Anand Raj United How many
Supporters have made some noise.
what's up wow
you won
New Better Sohil
Got That Leading Edge
A Unison Superstar on four ball three
Om and Sohil
The Two Batters
First to power play only two fielders
aloud outside circle very much outside the
Leg stump line wide single by umpire
Mr. Om Singh
O going outside the off line for wide one
More Wide There
Five for One
And that's one more wicket a quick
Reflexes by the bowler. second wicket fall
Off Team Younis Superstar.
So one was gone five for two
New batter walks in Rahul at number four on
strike
will be on non strike may be
Akash Jadhav In The Attack
And that's a good strike that will go all the way
Way for six runs. Wow Fantastic Hit
From
From Om
And this is what I'm talking about if
You are a strong batter, destructive batter
Why are you going leg side, why are you going
Off side? You Play Straight and You Will Get
Maximum Runs. Because a long distance at
The on side. You can see that distance. You
Can easily hit straight. you just need a
Proper Timing
To play that shot. And Om Thackeray has done a
Fantastic job here. First Ball
Striking for six.
Oh that's a very good [ __ ] from the sky.
Very rare to see left arm spin
Unorthodox in the tennis cricket
left arm orthodox bowler
Left
Orthodox
Left Orthodox
Chance for the Catch But It Will Land Safe
Once again very good bowling.
The Left Arms Bun Bowling From Akash
Yadav.
1.5 12 for 2
And very good stop chance for the run out
There o
That was very quick reflexes by the
Fielder and is it out that's out looking
for the second run
Felt well shot there and that's out.
So Good Start From Team Anand Ralso
Unison Superstar
Two Was Gone 13 for Three Unison Superstars
Once Again Welcome In The Comebox Mr.
Arpit ji how is the feeling now it's like
The Evening Time and It Will Be More
Exciting Coming Up Group C and Group
Two to four teams joining and
After This More to Four Teams
And the much awaited toss time for one l one
Team vs Ace Diamonds
First of all Sunny sir how is the
feeling and are you more excited
or or very excited very excited yes
No, very excited, very excited I
Think But We Want Other Teams to Win Today So
Make Some Noise for the One I Will One Team
There's no noise here, okay, three to one.
make some noise
Yes they are all ready and these diamonds what
Do want to say the team is ready as diamond
make some noise
Yes yes it has happened, the level has been reached, what
Do you want to see you playing your first match with
The Organizing Team Team One I will one team.
What You Want to Say?
As he mentioned he wants others to win. So
We will try to do that. Yeah, we are
Excited about it. So, lettuce c.
Yeah, so let's see how we can put it up
Best. Thank you.
Okay, I wish you all the best and who will
Call?
Diamond Will Call.
Ok.
Tails is a call?
Tales it is. You one the toss? bowling first
And what score you will restrict them.
I think we will try to do it at 35 lettuce
See if they cross set we will try to chase
It. But 35 is what we're looking for.
35 They're Given a Big Challenge and What They Do
Want to say batting first, they said only 35
They will restrict you but this is not the
Enough.
Two overs. Not the power play.
Tell us if five overs, yes?
So, what do you want in five overs? What
Do You Want to Say What Target You Will Set Up
For them? 70
Yes, absolutely wow. Ok, all the best. S
Diamonds and One L One Team. Thank you very much
Much for the next match coming up.
S Diamonds One The toss bowling first.
So Arpit ji, there was a ruckus after this match.
There will be war.
I think I should put some on Book My Show.
I need tickets.
Yes, I will definitely agree to that.
From. Most Awaited Match and Group C Is
Looking so exciting.
All the teams are looking like
Yes. The entire team has been waiting since morning.
And last time I told them that Orange
It is the army. Orange juice after the team wins
I am going to meet you sir.
Yes, yes, absolutely. Arrange for lemon juice
Is. Orange juice will also be available.
As diamonds they will provide lemon juice.
Okay going back in this match, good start.
This is from Anand United 15 for four
2.5 V R Eknath The Captain on Strike.
So they say now the team is in trouble. Captain
Now I will take charge of this team. Yes sir
absolutely you can see very
Enjoy the fantastic Bing performance here
Rathi surprised everyone with his bowling.
The opposing team will definitely be watching
Bowling has happened here, three dews gone for 16
Four Team Unison Superstar and Coming Up The
Next to Overs Let's See What They Can
Do Something Special Rohan and Eknath on the
crease
Excellent bowling by Neeraj Bhardwaj only
Seven runs and two wickets in two overs
Spin bowling starts the fourth over
And here the runner was arranged
You will get a single easily.
Very little spin bowling has been seen.
Today we have in this tournament. Is one of them.
Very good bowling here. From the single
We will have to make do.
Another risk they can't afford to take
Because already four wickets down.
This over started very well. two balls
Two runs in. Four balls remaining.
I will also talk about a good field setup here.
Looking at spin bowling. very good
The field is set up.
And this shot in the air, fielder present and this
Four runs went past the fielder. Very
The batsman hit a good shot after seeing the gap.
Fielder's position I think went for the catch
The Fielder Butt
It's always a risk, there's always a chance of risk.
If there is risk, there is reward too, but only this time.
Lost
And four runs after a long time, a boundary has been scored.
Here again, he has to strengthen his batting.
while doing
Yes, comeback will have to be done by Team Unison Superstar
To
They say in a cricket match you
We have lost the momentum. Don't lose courage.
Have to come back. Have to make a comeback.
There is four on 23. Score at the moment.
Yes of course. Like you said I'm yours
I agree with the point. Surely there are balls here
The number of balls is quite less. five overs
It is the same match. Still you can play two-three balls
You can take a chance. Because already your four
The team has lost a wicket.
Looking for a big one but only a single one. Give
Going for two runs. O Could Be the Chance
What do you have to say? You have spin options.
How many have I seen since morning, I have seen a lot
See less
Left arm spin is rarely seen here
He was quite an influence, Wright.
We have seen the hand batsman in the T20 game.
And look at this and it's impressed once again
Excellent bowling here.
Akash proved to be a bit expensive with four overs.
24 Pe Char Unison Superstar
The bowling performance is still to be seen.
I have got it, it is quite wonderful, whatever else is left
There are teams, they must be watching Anand Rathi's
This bowling is very good bowling.
Display
Yes, he definitely performed well.
Last year and now this year will be seen Anand
Ra United
If you look at it, there is a special feature if we
If we compare it with last year, then the team will also
Change happens as it happens in some people
Some people are retained, some new people come here.
But also such a thing
Exactly the era of IPL that started
Since 2008 and last year when RCB played the match
Had won the IPL then jersey number 18 after that
I've seen a lot of jerseys, number 18.
There are all tournaments. No. 18 jersey or
Number seven jersey?
Yes they are the loyal amps right loyal
Employees
Loyal Employees
Four was gone 24 for four. last over of the
First inning coming up.
And a very rare situation in tennis cricket
Left arm, medium fast looking at you
will get.
Yes, their bowling is quite a mix.
In. If you look, there is spin bowling as well.
And he is a proper fast bowler.
And the medium pacers are also quite good here.
Get to see it. Which bowler do you remember?
Do you get it for me? it
Exactly similar action of Mohammad Irfan
As it is. You should also see a little run up. Bing
See also
Reminds me of Mukesh Kumar.
Who made his debut in all three formats
After that he disappeared from India's side.
Mukesh Kumar went
absolutely absolutely
Mukesh Kumar Actually
Hey in Delhi
Back to back two dot balls good bowling and
This Time Looking to Play for the Big One Is
Got that outside edge the ball is going to
Third man they going for two runs no sent back
Only Single They Settled
25 for four in the last three balls, so what?
Looks like the last three balls are 35 plus a big
must hit
I think the score will settle down under 30.
Will be done
The way the bowling is going
Will restrict below 30
Whatever performance we have seen since morning
Mila bowling has been very good, everyone
Teams batting so far
we got to see a fireworks display
If you miss a match of X2,
Mangesh's innings was a fiery one.
Exactly what to look at in bowling here
I have done a variation and got completely fooled.
Ajay releases the ball slowly here.
Affects the batter.
Oh that's gone bold.
Trying to save himself with that butt ball
Was hitting on the timbre.
And that's the fifth wicket fall.
So excellent, here we have to praise the team.
Anand Rathi United
And as the tournament progresses here
Arpit ji, that would have been a different excitement.
Now this team will go to the quarter finals
Playing Ace Diamonds vs One Ill One
The number of YouTube viewers a team has
They will increase automatically
It will absolutely increase
The number of visitors from Delhi is also expected to increase.
Hopefully enough.
Last ball very good bowling. No Ransom Given
Dipesh has given just one run and one
Wicket.
Very good bowling. Very wonderful.
Five overs, five for 25. 26 runs are needed.
We will have to see whose government it is.
ok we have
Time constraints here please as soon as possible
We don't want to miss a single match. even one
Don't do over limited overs. overs less
If you don't want to do it then the play should carry on the momentum
should on i request
Unison Superstar
Yes, we must also keep the time limit in mind.
should keep
OK I request Anand Ra United Batters
Please app
Come on.
And here the spectators in Indigo flight
enjoying
Yes quite a lot of flying over here
It is a good view. This is an iconic ground
And all the cricketers say that.
Everyone has a dream. leather ball if
One dreams here that one
The match must be played here. I played many matches
I have played two-three matches here.
Ball K. That's a different vibe.
Yes, yes, there is a very famous ground here.
Pay. One of the famous grounds of Bombay.
There are very good vibes here.
So 26 to chase is not a big target for the team.
Anand Ra United.
I think if we start first
Two or three strikes in an over
Chase this target easily in the over
Arpit ji will do it.
Yes, I did the same in the last match.
I thought so. How did and put what happened but
Again it depends on the bowling. Absolutely
Piyush on bowling, Atul Sharma on strike
Non-strike and Sharish will start with Bing
In
And the run up seems quite long here.
Looks like there's going to be a lot of fast bowling.
Or it can also be said that experience
An experienced contender knows that
Where to mark bowling, how to do it here
But if you want to take a run up then take a good strong run.
Contenders will be there, you will have to see the body
Two fielders just outside the 30 circle first two
for over
Play On
Power play is on first over
Let's talk a little about his bowling.
Reminded me of Dale Steyn for a while
The way he bowled
released point
Yes, absolutely, absolutely
It would be too early to say this, but something happened.
Atul Sharma will face the run here.
First Ball of Sharish
This time I have blown it away, watching the ball in the air
The ball will go here, it will go
Four runs will go outside the boundary line
Very nice shot, the speed here
The ball came and went at the bat with the same speed
outside the boundary line
And this is what you call power play.
should be used extensively
Is. You can see the fielder here.
Arpit is now placed at deep square leg and
There is one fielder at deep point and two fielders at 30
A little discussion here outside the circle
We will definitely decide how to make a comeback in the match.
Is. With a slightly stronger strategy
Unison Superstar will come.
21 runs needed in the next 28 balls
RP ji it sounds easy but sometimes he says
You never know when the match will turn.
Yes, I completely agree with what you say. One
All we need here is a wicket.
And what did you say?
I would like to call this only commentators.
Good batting was going on here. But where
The batsman hit the shot where the fielder was.
And a simple catch here, I say
I would like to.
You can see my prediction.
You can predict the next match very well.
If you don't do it, maybe
We have Astrologer Arpit in the com
Box.
A little fun drama will continue here.
Three balls five for one Anand Rathi United
Excellent catch there by Nikesh
And sometimes that judgment is necessary.
Because every catch goes very high up there.
If so, it is very important to make that judgment.
It happens.
Absolutely, I have seen the last matches.
Many fielders made the excuse of sunlight.
Is. The sun had come out and the catch was missed. next match
This won't work.
Absolutely because the competition is getting tough here.
Is. All teams here Qualifying stage
Trying to.
So there will be a tough competition ahead. Akash Jadhav
Now the new batsman
Long on for them now
You will have to look at the field settings.
long on and deep cover
Left batsman here
And this time played up and over the ball is
Going and that's a very good stop
And what was that something innovation in the
Fielding side to stop that boundary wow
Excellent Stop to Runs Taken
Now only 19 runs are needed.
But he says
I would say fielding is very good.
Performance here at all international level
Effort. This league is going on international
Level. I think
Absolutely all the spectators here are watching this match.
Anand all from the world they are watching them
Are Not in India Bus Across the World
Straight to the fielder no down this time.
And YouTube has provided a great medium.
All viewers All viewers can join
With us. And thanks to the Go Live team
Supporting This Fantastic Broadcasting.
The Goal Live Team Credit Goes To End This
Time in the Air Just a single.
So one was gone at for one 18 runs in 24
Balls
Arpit ji easy hai 18 ball 24
It's quite easy, just make sure two wickets don't fall in this over.
In
18 runs in 24 balls
And as we predicted, the first over
Will I get to see something like this? See
Letts C.
He seems to be a very aggressive batsman.
What is the matter. What's the matter, Arpit?
What predictions do you make? short pitch
The ball was pulled. The ball has been deflected.
For four runs.
14 runs needed off 12 now. win this match
For
And Arpit ji, I would like to ask you what you do
Yes, how do you do whatever you do, prediction
you are amazing
This time there was a chance, the catch was missed and this dream was shattered.
Wicket Match with this wicket
I could have turned around
Something could have turned around, something would have happened
Could have done
I would like to say good effort because their
It was much higher than the height.
If Arpit ji was there, he would have easily taken the catch.
Give. Right? If you were there.
Easy catch for Arpit ji.
Let's move towards the match. 13 runs needed. 13 runs
are done. 13 runs left.
The rest of the night is left.
There is still a lot left. Now as many as are coming
There are matches and the start will be on Day 2.
It will start from the quarter finals.
Yes of course. All league matches today
Match and the two teams that have gone to Admit Titans
First in the group and the Pink Panthers quarters
The finals have been entered.
Yes
Prodigious Warriors and Team in Group B
Howden has entered.
Now there are two or four teams coming. Must see
In Group C and Group D.
This time the ball bounces well over the stumps.
has gone
And here's a fancy shot attempt.
When the power play is already in place, the batsman
should play technical shots but not fancy shots
Attempt a dot ball
12 runs needed in three overs and three balls.
Now it is easy for them to win the match.
This time up and over the fielder the
Fielder tried a bit of judgement could be the
Chance for the catch: If you had gone a little further, you would have caught it.
It could have been, but
a fraction of a second
It matters a lot
11 runs needed in the next 20 balls
Currently this match is in the name of Anand Rajir
United
I think another boundary in this over.
What do you think is coming
Of course, if you give a short pitch ball then definitely
This time the ball has been played and the square has gone here.
No runs on the leg side here.
Vent for dot ball
Very good cheers here at Anand Rathi Group
By
Yes, it is a great support and that is what we
I want all the spectators to enjoy this match.
Raise if you support Unison
Superstar to Anand Rathi United to But Hum
Support the cricket
Yes absolutely
Look at this, it reminded me of Adam Gilgis.
After he hit the shot, the ball went further
will go
As I said, one more boundary.
Another boundary in this over.
And to a large extent the match was slipping out of hand here
Pay
Yes, you said it exactly, it's happening now.
I only need seven runs and 18 balls left.
Looks like we will complete it in this over itself.
Seven runs needed for the team
What we said was about the time limit.
He has taken it very seriously. Who
There was a shortage of time but it got completed.
It has already started here. Win now
is sought. We will have to see whose government it is.
It is the government of cricket.
Yes yes.
The rest of the election results had come.
In this
Now it's a silence before a storm for the
Team Anand Ra United Seven Runs
That could be gone, yes that's gone, but doesn't matter
For the team Anand Ra United they need just
Seven Runs
And the format has changed a lot after 2007.
The revolution that came, Arpit ji, we are ODI
I watched the matches, that was the first T20 after 2007.
India won the World Cup
Yes
Then after that T10 format came and then five
Now these three overs have also been seen in this
The game has become quite quick in the tournament
The toss will decide the outcome in a short while.
Then the toss will be done online.
And here player one is out but two players
While leaving the field because there were runners also.
Anand Rathi United I think right now this
After the match, dance on Fasla Flip Rachi
Wali Hai which is a very trending song.
So DJ ready with Falsa Fasla so flip
Ranchi.
Shardul Joshi New Better
And this shot in the air, another wicket and this
Drop Easy Catch Drop Here
Little
The catch could have been made if the catch had been taken here.
He tried a couple of attempts.
But the ball remained in his hands.
No, I could not collect it.
It seems that Team Anand Rathi is taking care of its players.
I am giving you a chance because you have a low score, so give it.
Want to try the new batsman.
So Team Anand Rathi United are you ready for
The Dance.
DJ get ready.
I think this will happen quite soon. If
If you want to celebrate, then quarter
This should be done after reaching the final.
No, he says first match you are
Perform What's Happening
We say final match perform what
Happening, that troll became a meme
Trending so let's go first in the first match
Khushi First Game Anand Ra United Just
Needed five runs
I blew it but I don't think I'll catch it.
And this easy catch
Earlier I had received the donation of life but could not redeem it.
to charity
We will have to wait here for a while for that victory.
For Anand Ra United
Nikesh in the good category needs five runs 14
in balls
New batsman on strike is Nitesh Kumar.
has blown away
Two runs will be taken here.
And direct throw is a close call here.
could have offered
Yes, yes, it seems all the batsmen are in the dugout.
All the batsmen have come already set.
Shots are being fired in the air
He has had a very good practice and
This car is going towards victory, three runs
Now we need the last ball of this over in 13 balls.
Prabhat will bowl
Keep in mind that opening batsman Akash is still
present on the pitch
He played a very good innings, scoring 13 eight runs.
He started the innings with two fours in 10 balls.
is handled
This time the fielder hit hard.
There's a backup fielder, so two runs.
will take score A level
Ananda Raj United will need one more run
government of
And Anand Ra United Ready Ho Jaye
It's a celebration
A celebration is in order, Arpit ji
Yes, absolutely, you win.
Ek Spiegel The Shout Out
from the dugout
One run needed
But the batsman at the crease is one run behind
He doesn't play only in fours and sixes.
I believe it. What do you think?
I think our combobox just has
Next ball coming up for six runs.
I think it will finish on a boundary.
yes I definitely want to finish off in
Style.
I will have to wait a bit.
Batsman here keeping our demand
Otherwise take a run and that's great
Bowling here. You will see the run up.
There is a completely different run up here.
And this shot in the air.
And with this, Yes has won this match.
Music
That's a hurdle going on off one l one
It's Orange vs Yellow Who Will Win Let's
C
You will have to see if you get orange juice or lemon juice.
You will get juice
It is important whose juice comes out.
juice in life
How
OK we are all set. So if you are a fan of one
All One Tea Make Some Noise
And if you're a fan of East Diamonds, make some
Noise.
Well, there is some sound from the East. from the West
Has also come. East and West cricket is
Best. let start. In the Count of Five
Four three to one game on.
Mr. Puneet is on strike.
Oh good bowling, a beautiful delivery from
Suraj Rao
Good start, starting with dot balls
power play is on
And this is a very amazing shot, a shot in the air.
Mara fielder was present there
If the distance is long then one run can be scored in one throw.
goes. If you are very fast then this
You can easily take two runs. for ease
Puneet completed two runs with this.
Good running between the wickets.
This time it has blown away. ball in the air
to the fielder and here
I couldn't maintain some balance there on my own.
To. Because of this the ball slipped from his hand.
Is.
It is very difficult to catch a catch like Arabi
Catch.
Absolutely amazing shot here.
Puneet is a very aggressive batsman
Here.
Ok. We have most awaited it.
Mr. Sunny Bhardwaj on strike.
He batted very well last year.
He did it. Good
He is an aggressive batsman.
His overall performance is always bowling
And in batting.
But this time see, the sun has been good.
Rao did. It also affects the new batter a little.
Gave. No run on the first ball.
Four balls, five runs.
It takes one or two balls to get set.
It will definitely take some time.
Good bowling this time.
And the umpire rejected the appeal for wide here.
Did.
We are all above the umpires.
His decision will be the final decision.
Here only the umpire's decision will prevail.
Five balls, five runs, excellent start here
By Pay S Diamonds
This time the place
Very nice shot here, four in the covers
Run. This is what I was saying, Mitesh ji, power to you.
Batsman technical while play is in progress
Should go towards shots and have a proper cover
The drive is seen here. Absolutely
Excellent shot Very good shot Well driven
inu the covers the bat was the brush and the
The outfield was a canvas beats the fielder in the
Covers and four runs, one was gone nine for no
One All One Team
It was a proper cricketing shot, I would say.
Yes, he definitely reminds me of Virat.
Kohli Rahul Dravid VVS Laxman
used to bat like this in those days
And a good one for India, he did one
The One Day International that used to win the match
If we talk about 90-200 times,
Yes absolutely
This is the specialty of an experienced batsman
That he believes more in technical shots
Do Rather Than Fancy
And batting here at a run rate of nine
Hue One L One Team
Yes, a good start, a fielder here.
Stationed at deep mid-wicket, very wide
And the keeper has missed it here. is this
Is it five wides? Is this five wides?
Absolutely
The strike rate which was nine is here directly
He has turned 14. Absolutely.
So That's Free Be is Given by Ace Diamonds
Two One L One Team Bonus Five Runs Looking To
Play for the big one this time, we're back
from sumit sh just single run this time is
Bar proper elevation not found, no time
could do
And the car will move forward with a run
We have seen bounce from the bowlers.
by here
trying to hit a shot
But you will get a wide ball here.
Empire decision is the decision please
16 for No Loss
Hit here could have been a chance to run out that
Went for by there is a fair delivery
From Sumit Sh
17 Losers
Oh, having a little balance here, Sumit Sh
over there in the run up but he says
ok will continue bing
Yes, just a while ago, Ardeep
Singh also bowled six wickets in an over.
The highest record is Jacobram 13
Wides in one over was a one day match
International
We have a short time limit, so I
I hope it gets overtime
Correct!
This time the demand was for two excellent blows.
From One L One Team Dugout
There is a lot of demand from the dugout here.
Pay
No, it will definitely happen and it should happen because
Spectators are supporters, their demands are
There will be demand, exactly this support is needed
Totally beaten and once again excellent bowling
And another wide appeal here.
Keeping it far away from the batsman's eyes
Don't bowl this ball to his bat
Keeping a little distance and doing the right thing
Sumit Sharma has made a slight comeback.
In this over, he
Yes, if you look at the length, it is a very good length.
bowling from
Watch this and you got fooled once, best
Bing
Proper good length bowling here
10 runs came in this over, 9 runs came in the previous over.
19 runs, no wickets
Last Ball Coming Up
And the over ends with a dot ball, two gone.
19 For None One All One Team
And the match progressed at a very good pace.
19 runs in two overs here. The last over was quite
It was exciting. Either it was a wide ball
Or else very good bowling.
What
So Arpit ji, even if any team wins the match
We must get lemon juice or orange juice.
Going to do.
one of the two
Absolutely
Meher is started here by Amol Thakur
only a single
A lot of bowling has been done here.
The score card is slowly progressing.
Making the batsman dance completely
The way bowling is done at the crease here
Diamonds is doing it. Now it's the power play
The series ended. You can see four
fielders standing at shot extra cover
There is a fielder at point, short to third man.
Its team is here with complete planning.
This batsman came and changed his stance and it was good.
Shot here, fielder there
And these two demands. So what if two are complete?
Will you be able to? And these two runs completed here very
This poor fielding performance here
By. Missing a simple run-out chance
happened
A little direct hit
wants to do. The wicket could have been run out
Sunny will take two runs here as
22 no wickets
And this shot in the air is by the fielder present there.
away from here
And capitalize on it to keep it running well.
Between the Wickets from Sunny and Punit
In sales parlance, they call it converting.
Enquiries in Sales
Taking two runs, not one.
So directly doing sales close one.
Whenever we get a lead, we send it to Sales ID.
There is a close one and a close loss.
Yes, yes, it is absolutely the work of converting leads.
It is ours.
For now, we have to see who will take the lead.
In this match. Excellent over execution here
By Thakur. Only five runs conceded
In balls. Nice one from Kifah Bing.
I have played this time. The ball is going to third
In the direction of Man.
The fielder made a great effort but the ball went
It will go outside the boundary line for four runs.
And what a batsman this is.
While happening
This is as I told you in the morning.
Make some noise for Mr. Sunny Bhardwaj.
Whatever he has done for the team
Yes, you have done a great job.
Like I told you in the morning,
Like sometimes we have seen in BPL also
If many batsmen feel that in that match
If I don't perform well then you can sacrifice your wicket for the team.
giving no
And it is getting quite interesting. Big Bash
The league WPL is still ongoing. ISPL also
It is getting very interesting. and most
The over in ISPL is called swing over.
What is great is that it is quite cricket
You will see it here
Then after that IPL is yet to come.
Yes absolutely
There is a lot of cricketing going on in this upcoming four-match series.
in the month
ISPL swing ball overs are called
They put tape on it and he takes a proper swing.
It happens to make these swing like a ball
So we have some very interesting matches.
got to see
in the last several days
3 overs 28 for 1 here
Couldn't time it, will take only one run here
This time you can see the outside edge.
Both want to play across the line
Batter. If that's what you do, you poke a little in the offside.
If you do, you will get ransom.
The score is currently 30 for 1.
Watch the best block holes get bowled.
It is coming and going for two runs. hazard
Maybe, but run two runs with speed
For.
There is very good running here.
And why did Dogesh Bhai suddenly come here?
between?
He also has to run between the wickets.
So two rans taken 32 for one
Some Fun Moments in Fatima Grounds.
Only a Single Good Stop
Very good performance here
I will speak
Not giving any chance for loose shots at all
here
Yes, that's where S Diamonds try their best.
will do it now
kept completely away from the batsman's eyes
See Across the Line wanted to come and play
Totally beaten, only five runs were given in this
in the over and four overs 33 for one one l one
Team
So the way he said at the toss
Will restrict it to 35. Sunny sir is saying
We were hoping we would make 70. This captain here
But they are East Diamonds
Both predictions being wrong here
Pay.
Both of their predictions being wrong. But he
It is said that now the game of cricket will never be played again.
The stale food can turn over.
Yes of course.
Sometimes happiness, sometimes sorrow and in a moment, weigh in a moment
Masha.
Very good bowling here, totally beat
while doing the batsman
So what happened today, Arpit ji, means this
It doesn't seem like just the two of them
The team has made a good effort.
Yes, in the beginning it seemed that 19 runs in two overs
The runs came and it has slowed down considerably since then.
Game here
This time outside edge to third man.
I will take two runs here, there was a slight fumble.
fielder and look at this
Running for thirty and you'll get it
three runs
Three Runs Excellent Running Between the
Wickets.
The One L One team also deserves praise. If
If singles boundaries are not being found then
He is scoring runs in running as much time as he gets.
Are. Not leaving any chance here
at all.
Yes absolutely. And another batsman comes back.
Happened.
They say whatever you want, add it bit by bit.
He got Oja
Thunderous applause here one and one
Team Outreach
It has blown away. wonderful shot. fielder present
The batsman will take two runs there. two runs
for here
Batsman name please. batsman name please
Sudhanshu. Thank you very much.
I think after Sudhanshu ji got out
Later Himanshu ji, you come for batting.
So Himanshu ji has been made a reserve for the next match.
Is placed.
stamina
Reserved for the final. stamina
Is.
Direct Grand Finale What a thing.
Excellent shot, four runs
Powerful and fantastic.
Give it for 42. Now the last two balls.
Arpit ji, have you crossed the 50 mark?
One L1 here with an expiration of 50
Team
And look at this
The ball is in the air, we'll take the wicket here.
Keepiness
Great effort, a big hit
He was going for it but the fielder was at long on.
On and excellent catch that's a third to get
Fall of one all one team but really good perfs
From both the teams as diamonds and one all
One team which
The longest shot was taken in the direction
It is a part of the field, also keep this in mind
Keep
Good capture again by Amol at long on
Sridhar last ball
Sh pitch ball pulled kar diya
and the ball
Gul has been hit for four runs. 46 for
three after five overs good perfection from the
Team One L One Team S Diamonds Von The
Toileted to field first and wow good
Batting.
So 47 to Win
And for the next match, I request the
Two Teams for the Coin Toss
I Request
Ok, I will have to wait a bit for the toss.
Match one loser vs. Match two loser
So Arpit ji who is the first match unison
Superstar vs. Loser
Yes, the first innings was quite good.
It went well here, S also did very well.
bowled and moved up and down a lot
And joining in the com box suddenly immediately
Ticket Mr. Finish This Match in 10 Minutes
Please fielders please go for the bowling
You have 10 minutes to finish the match.
It begins now
And here with complete planning Orange
Army One L1 team coming into the field
happened
Yes, the DRM is over.
47 to Win
Who is going to do the first over?
Ace Diamonds
Come, great batsman, come
Ace Diamonds The Opening Pair
S Sep come on.
Fielding here
Mr. Sunny Bhardwaj setting up
There will be two fielders outside the 30 circle.
fielder
in the mid-wicket area
Ok. So once again welcome back to the
Biggest Rivalry of the Evening ICICI
Lumbard presents Brokers Premier League
I Welcome Once Again All the Weavers
Spectators Myself Mithya Solanki in the
Comb Box Arpit
And it takes a lot of time here.
And here taking a lot of time, the One L One team
Setting your fielding
Yes, absolutely, Himanshi ji said that 10
Finishing the match by the minute
And then everyone will go to lemon juice or orange juice
For the party of.
Yes, we are definitely waiting for that.
Absolutely
Anirudh arranges for orange juice wherever
should be done.
OK WE ALL SET Sudarshan Sreedharan ON
Strike. Suraj Non Strike Impression Here
We go three to one game on.
This time he wanted to push. Directions of The Third Man
I know they don't have a fielder so a cut
Wanted to play a shot. But no contact
No, of bat and ball.
It's good that we didn't get in touch because
The wicketkeeper had dropped the ball.
V Sudarshan And Suraj Double S
On the crease.
And this time the best Bing from Prashant.
A target of 47 here is a good total.
Hai One One team
Good bowling performance so far
Here two balls were hit very accurately.
But you are not taking time for a good length.
bowler getting set
Could have been a close affair but the pace
Just Guided
But the ball took a heavy edge there.
No one is lucky, no one is in anyone's hands
The ball has gone
Lots of bowling here.
Good start, the number 14 jersey is the only one.
Ricky Ponting gives the name of the player
aggressive
Australia captain this time on the fielder
The fielder has caught it, not from
Excellent catch by Akash.
Generally we see such catches being dropped
in the last matches this time at all
No Mistakes by One L1 Team
You can see it's absolutely proper
I judged a little and then went for a run.
I put it behind me and caught it easily.
Fall of the first wicket. Good catch again bye.
Akash Suraj Rao departs after four balls
Being Bol It's One For One
Kiran comes on strike in four balls
Only one run and one wicket lost here
Pay this
The shot is pushed lightly to third man.
One run is taken if the fielder is present there.
So you would not want to take any risk here.
I have to take wickets in the first over and I
Looks like fireworks start in the second over
do. Now
Yes, it is definitely a power play, so there is an advantage.
Will have to take wickets but wickets are also under control
Will have to keep it here.
Will bowl the last ball of this over. Prashant To
Sudarshan wanted to cut. Got beat.
Excellent start from Prasanth, just two runs
and one wicket
And four overs left 45 to get
45 runs needed in four overs
We will discuss the required run rate in each over.
Arpit ji 11.25
If he bowls these two economical overs, Team One will
One team, the match is in their hands
Yes, that's exactly what I was going to say earlier.
The required number was nine, which was to be
First he will take one over and then you will see
Could have gone straight to 11 and brought in a new bowler
Mr. Puneet has a lot of experience here.
seem to
Yes, a little bit about the experience candidate.
influence and this is what has been observed
In some matches, the way we run up and this
Look, he has hit a great ball this time.
The fielder is present there and will take the wicket
Keepiness
Wicket taken on the first ball, it's amazing
L1 team cricket
A very good fielding scene, One L
Forest team giving statement
One L One team in fielding
And a very first ball, Punit on the money
good bowling
Excellent performance by both teams here
So the heart becomes very interesting
The heartbeat becomes faster and the breathing stops.
Season
It is pleasant. It becomes very exciting.
And they say that cricket is not a game.
Is. There is a festival. It's carnival. One
It is celebrated like a festival.
Uday Mandavas is the new batsman.
Mandavkar.
One run will be taken here on the first ball.
Look at the pressure.
Perfectly Maintained Top of the Edge Diamonds
Here is the One L One team.
Yes, of course, other teams must also be watching One
Bowling and fielding of L1 team
Great performance.
The ball went far away from the keeper. backward region
I am going to. will hold
And take two more runs.
I think now there is a rift between Sudarshan and Uday.
Some say they are resiliency
We must now take responsibility to hit big shots.
For
Yes, definitely, any one batsman should be given a big
Scale will go to power play only there
R three deliveries left in this over of the
power play also
Or is it just a single digit score, five for
This time the game has been played with great force.
And great stop there, look at the throw.
By Prashant
Somewhere there are three runs left for our team.
For. Only the four has been saved.
Yes, what would you say about fielding?
About the fielding you've seen so far
No, it reminds me of Janti juice.
He gave
two for six
This time the strong attack track hits there
There could have been a chance.
I'll take a run here.
from for to still still single digit on the
Board. Arpit Ji
The required rate is increasing here at all
12 here now closer to 13
This time the ball has been blown, it will go away
It will stick to the fielder's hands like this
But it seemed that the ball would land in the constellation
But no
The ball hit here
Fall of the third wicket in the hands of the fielder
Ace Diamonds Chars C 73 and 3 overs
40 runs needed.
Yes, I got to see myself on the first ball.
That was the replay of the last ball, that was the first ball.
Of.
Correct.
now over here
Fielding registration process started
End. Maximum fielders can go
Outside Circle. But they say four
Minimum fielder status is mandatory. Inside
Circle.
There is quite an all-rounder in the One L1 team. As
Mr. Puneet helps us in batting and bowling
Very good performance was seen
And now we get back to bowling.
Fielding: Deep Backward Square Leg
deep mid wicket one fielder cow corner one eight
Deep Point
long off long on shot third man shot cover
The fielder at square leg was square leg
feels like they're being sent back
No
The fine leg fielder is now fine leg
It has been brought here. Fine leg and square
Leg and deep mid wicket fielders.
What is your prediction for this over?
Now it seems that he will definitely take a wicket in this over.
The ball was in the air, there was a chance there, but not much
The ball remained away from Puneet.
But he says he will play safe. More
I will not give up.
At least two wickets are required from the dismissal here.
Pay in this over.
Yes absolutely one and one team here
As many supporters
He must be looking for a wicket, take a full toss
The ball has hit it well
The fielder is present there until the throw is made
Will do two runs with ease, will complete two
Rans Taken
Mo is a bit difficult Arpit ji 14 runs
per over
Yes, I can't even see any attempt at all.
I have been here a lot because I am very
Tight bowling is going on here, one on one
By the team. Look absolutely in the block
Whole once again will they go for to run
Going for two runs
O!
That's Not Expected Sunny That Bounce
uneven bounce from over his head but they a
It is very important to have a backup fielder
35 off 12 needed in 15 balls
Tracking myself completely here,
Sweeping and look at this run out opportunity
It is possible
have arrived
33 runs in 14 balls, very tight
Bowling here. You can see right away
Bowling into the block hole
Continuum. Not giving any chance at all
Yes to the batsman.
I have to make do with single or double but
Single or double will not work here.
The team has put up a huge score
last ball of the over
Only
Only nine runs from this over
And here he is trying to steal the second run.
Another wicket falling, it wasn't necessary.
The required rate on the second run increases as
In the process, this team took a chance here and
wicket down
And here we are, four for 16 after three overs.
Wicket. It seems quite difficult for this
Match now. Now we have to see the One L One team
By what margin will it want to win this match?
Prashant coming to bowl
And here's another run out, a brilliant wicket.
Keeping view by Bhaesh.
Two consecutive run outs are being seen
us here.
And shots in the air, there are many fielders present here.
This is a great attempt here
By Amit
Very good effort by Amit here.
But
There was a chance of a run out here and it continued.
Four
And here four were taken due to misfielding.
If you are not able to hit, then run and score four runs.
Went here.
And great shot fielder there and
On top of that, the backup fielders were also present there.
End of over: 23 runs after four overs
Only 23 runs needed in one over
Looks like the reason for restricting the runs to 35
had decided that he should be in his batting
Has gone.
and the last over
Amit here setting up his run-up
He is a very experienced bowler. Enough
Bombay's different players play in leagues
In the leagues.
And as we were just talking this morning
Another jersey number seven was seen
us here
And we would have seen another spin bowler.
Very few spin options available
Morning to us
One More Edition in That Spin
cloak broker premier league
Absolutely brilliant bowling here.
tricking the batsman
Kas is making the batsman dance with dodge
But the way he is bowling
This is the specialty of left arm spin.
And along with the batsman, the wicketkeeper was also deceived.
eating here
Keeper there a little
was going for a run out but that conversation
Were going to do it. The event is already over
Was.
There were many run outs and many runs were also scored.
Already in the innings.
That's a formality of the last four balls.
Oh that's MSD for you behind the stumps.
MS Bing MS Keeping
Seven number jersey thala for region everywhere
The thala is
Awesome wicket-keeping display.
Not giving it any chance here
to the batsman
Bhesh the wicket keeper stump good stumping end
Three Balls Left
And will be the first match win for the team
One I Will One Team
If you have noticed one thing. Enough
All-rounders are bowling in the One L One team
Bats Lots of batting options available
Here.
So, Arpit ji, it seems we should also get a chance.
I want to play in the One L One team.
Yes, if we have that much talent then
We will definitely get a chance.
So we are ready for the application form.
Short pitch ball. It has been played square
I will get only one more run towards leg side.
Seems like Going for two runs.
Let's run two runs here. best
Running.
Now by what margin would he have lost this match?
is also important. There will not be a big defeat.
We will do something to increase the price here.
I would like to control the net here.
Absolutely
Two balls left. 21 runs
And
and clean bowled
Cut and bold. Great bowling
Here by Amit
Looks like the One L One team has found their Shane One
Has gone. right here
So one ball left and one all one team
Yes, you were talking about us also getting a chance.
Need one all in one team. I spent three years
The form is filled from. Haven't got a chance yet.
Yes, my form got rejected.
ok one ball left
It is not easy to get into the top 11 here, whatever you do
You see, all are talented players.
Absolutely correct answer
And that's it, that's the end of the match make some
Noise for the team one I will one team
Excellent bowling performance here.
Total with seven wickets in hand
And The Next Match Coming Up As Diamonds
Versus Unison Superstars
Hello and welcome back once again to the ICI
Presents Brokers Premier League Two Two
Six One More Encounter
One More Cricketing Action Here We Go
First Ball
After the great win from the Team One L One
Team Defeating 'S Diamonds and That Will Go
All the way for Runs First Ball
A powerful four off the first ball.
So both the teams are here for this first win.
Will play now. Both are the first matches of this tournament.
Till now he has lost. Match One Loser Match Two
Loser love match o that's clean bowled gone
Completely missed it, wanted to play in place
were in the direction of the leg but got beaten and
The ball hit the stumps and the body of the first wicket
Good Bing from Sherish and Kiran Gaiwad
Departments
So after two balls four for one s diamonds
This time a strong blow but deep
The fielder is stationed in the mid-wicket area
Two runs will be taken here, excellent running
Yes
And that's a good strike from Sooraj Rao
But only a single run at long on
Four balls being bowled from for one ace
Diamond Versus Unison Superstar Unises
Superstar One elected to field at the toss
First they invited s diamonds to bat
And that's a good strike up and over one
Bounce
In to the fence for four runs at long of good
Strike from Uday, first ball straight off
The Mark with the Boundary
Full power play here
Using Udayan Suraj It's Only
One over power play in the three overs game
Last ball first over coming up
Outside Edge Over the Keepers
Over the Keeper's Head and That Will Run Away for
Four backward region so 15 runs in the first over
Edge Diamonds One Gone 15 for One
Excellent range to run taken Tejas started
the second over
Down the track looking to play for a big one
o Best bowling here inside edge
Lucky the ball didn't hit the stumps
rise there
one for 18
There is a very powerful strike fielder.
Nikesh will take a catch in the long-on region.
fielder there and the fall of the second wicket
Uday made a very good attack.
But
Couldn't keep distance and cover after cover and
Excellent catch there by Nikesh, two fours
Eight pay-outs in four balls with 1.4
18 per two Ace of Diamonds
That is a big shout to the umpire playing
Across the line and wicket keeper
All the players alike in Shahrukh Khan style
Posing
For that big appeal but no contact bat and
ball
Only three runs considered in this over by
Tejas
Just going down the leg side well left by
Sumit
19 for two
That will go all the way for four runs
So at run of 23, the duo got one wicket to go.
For two Ace Diamonds on 23 after two overs
Two
Three o' gone 35 for two and 36 chase the target
Younis Superstar
3 overs 35 for two
ok request younis superstar batters aa
Go to Edge Diamonds to set up as soon as possible
The Field Yes As Diamonds On The Field
Umpire Mr. Om Singh and
OK, we are all ready to start the second one.
Innings 36 to chase Om on strike Nikesh
on non strike and Suraj Rao start the
Proceedings
Here we go the first ball Suraj to Om
Oh that's a big flighted ball and even a keeper
is not able to stop that no ball and four
Runs starting with free bees that's a gift
from the bowler
No ball and four
Starting with
Express Five Runs
Oh that's clean bowled
Vaas Free Hit
Just a single and Nikesh now will face
The First Ball Two Ball Six One O Lost 30
to get from 16 balls
Oh that's a clean ball, wow, good bowling.
Totally missed it completely beat there
and that's
The First Wicket Falls
Nikesh Golden nDk Three balls b bowled
Six for one, need 30 runs in 15 balls
Shashank the New Better
Oh that's gone one more wicket
That's behind
Second wicket fall back to back wickets
Suraj Rao on the Money
Four balls B bowl six for two pressure on
Younis Superstar
30 runs in 14 balls
So Much Happening a Drama in the Very First
Over of the second innings loss of two wickets
Early
And Attention Rising in the Unison Superstar
30 runs needed in 14 balls now
Excellent bowling, passes very close.
The ball could have hit the stumps and resulted in a wicket.
Was here at its best for Suraj Rao
Bowling performance: Just two runs and two wickets
managed to take
This time try to shoot the ball into the block hole.
Try but take one run here from the over
termination
One has gone from for two and 14 balls left 29
To get, 29 runs needed in 14 balls
Second over started by Amol Thakur back
Two back to back dot balls.
Once Again High in the Air But Safe Landing and
only single run
Eight for Two
Still the fight is on between this two big
Teams
36 to chase in three overs
28 runs needed in nine balls
And that's high in the air
They're going for two runs and they'll get it
26 Runs Needed From Eight Balls Need a Couple of
Big Hits
in Coming to Balls
Down the Track Looking to Play Completely
miss it
Very good bowling from Amol Thakur just
Consider three runs in five balls
That Hits Hard But There Is A Very Good
Stop by the fielder excellent work good
A quick throw, quick reflexes
And only four runs from Amol Thakur Wow
Good bowling. So one over remaining and 25 to
Get It's Very Difficult to Get the 25 Runs
In the last six balls.
So welcome back once again you are watching
ICICI Lamb Presents Brokers
Premier League Two and Two Six Season Three.
Saturday Cricketing Vibes Saturday and Sunday
Cricketing Day The Excitement Begins.
And that's a famous tagline created by the
Team Hit It Big Score It Bigger 16 Teams
For the One Glory
We are already from Group A
Pink Panthers qualified in the qualifying
Stage in Group A
And admit Titans in Group B we have
Prodent Warriors
And how did and let's see talking about
Group C Now in Progress
Who Will Get That Quarter Final Ticket?
It's Almost Now the Game of
Ace Diamonds
Need 24 runs from five balls
Whose government will it be?
It's Diamonds Already
Going towards that victory. that's a
Very good bowling, completely missed it.
And after this match, I request the team
Anand Rathi United Captain to come for the
Toss vs One All One Team Captain for the Toss
Chas's Boss
Ananda Ra United
And One L One Team
Boss and Who Will Goal and Who Will Spin
Hades is a call
Looks like this ball toss is outside Ghat Copper
Tales Tales
ok fielding they will lay to field first
And that's it, that's the end of the match.
The Victory S Diamond De Vaughn.
Won by 22 runs a big margin win. End
Coming Up
Once again one l one team they will take with
Anand Rath United One L One Team One The Toss
Id to field first they invited enjoy night
United to bat first mean while DJ
Wale Babu play my song
The fielding side will play a little faster.
Umpire Mr. Om Singh joining in the com
Welcome Box
Yours Mr. Om Singh
Thanks Mitesh
And an exciting match between one and one team
Won the best match
Both teams are very strong in the match.
Whatever happens, it will be an interesting match.
Best vs. Best
That is it
OK once again if you are supporting one isle
One Team Makes Some Noise
Yes and if you are supporting Anand Ra
United Make Some Noise
Hey, what's the matter? Similarly, Anand Rati
United win this match without any
Playing matches. You are qualified for the
Next match.
Welcome Back Once Again
Akash Yadav will be on strike. Atul Sharma
Prashant in the Comb Box Once Again Arpit
Yes, welcome with umpire Mr. Om Singh.
Thank you Mitesh ji. What do you think of this
Bar One L One team performs in their binge
Will be able to repeat what has been continued from the previous match
Gaige or Momentum
No, bowling is good, so is fielding.
It is also good, let's see in how few runs
can stop them because they have
The three left arm bowlers are very good.
And
And wicket on the first ball, very good ball.
Was
And a wonderful display of wicketkeeping.
It has been seen
Good wicket-keeping and very good bowling.
A very aggressive batsman on the first ball
who have been dismissed. we had seen
He played very well in the last match
Started the innings in a good manner. Very
Big wicket to watch out for Anand Ratti
Will you be able to handle the innings further?
Yes Arpit, very good start.
Senses
OK, one important announcement we have.
Lost one of the content one of the player
From Prudent Warrior They He Lost One
Golden Ring So If You Find Anywhere Please
A come to the commentary box and submit as
Our Lost of One Golden Ring of Prudent
Warriors have one player who lost his golden opportunity
Ring. So if anyone found me I request
to please
Submit in the comb box.
This time we will take two runs here.
Very good bowling here.
So here it is requested that
If someone finds a gold ring here
Rent a player from Warriors worth gold
He has lost the ring. So I request
If anyone found then please comment here
Please submit in the box.
Let's get back to the match and
Start Here One L One Team
Yes, of course, continue your movement in bowling.
Keeping the One l One Team
Only four runs and one wicket Prashant Baji
Started by Nitesh Kumar and Atul Sharma
Now a huge responsibility is placed on them
Yes, we will have to see how much power play there is.
Batsmen can take advantage here
And this amazing shot with the ball going in the air
Fielder present there and it was an easy catch
Another wicket in this over, good catch again bye.
Puneet Good Start from Prashant
And one dew went four for two Anand Ra
United
And here is Mr. Puneet bowling.
Coming back, he did a lot in the last match.
He bowled well and took two wickets
He took two brilliant catches in one over.
Sudhanshu K
And here is Puneet ji's expression after taking the catch.
Has been promoted in bowling
Yes absolutely
So we should fill the form here one end
Direct promotion after catch for Forest team
This time, a great shot, no fielder present.
It went over the boundary for four runs.
I am Mitesh ji, I call him commentator.
I would like to speak.
Absolutely
Like you said promotion and see the first
got a four on the ball
And pushed it with great ease.
Up and over played with a good timing
To a deep wideish long on long off for
Four.
And
Catch drop, good try here.
Could have got one more wicket here One L1
to the team
Score after 3 balls and 1.3 overs
Nine Runs is still quite restricted
See the score line here
Hi
Yes, listen carefully.
A player's gold ring fell somewhere.
Is. If any player gets
Please bring it on the stage.
Bowling very tight here
At a good length.
And the ball in the air, Pankaj here, Pankaj there
is present.
Pankaj is putting in his full effort here.
Good fielding scene here Pankaj
By.
And Puneet ji here on the LBW appeal
LBW will not be awarded on DRS
The equipment hasn't arrived here and
DRS will be arranged
Next year DRS will also be implemented when definitely
As the standard of the league continues to rise
We will also have to use DRS.
Absolutely and its full form will be
Dhoni Reel System
There is a very deadly bowling line-up here.
Everyone in the One L One team is a great bowler here.
Pay
And
And here's some confusion Empire cleared up.
Give
wide ball
And here is very good hooting Anant Rathi
All Quiet in the One L One Team by Gang
Anyone sitting here, of any kind
There is no chair
No hooting of any kind was seen
has been here
They say sometimes a team is too quiet
it occurs. They say
Oh, there's noise here too.
Because that team has faith in their team.
That's why he believes in noise
I don't keep it.
And the battle between noise meters between joy
Rath United and One L One Team. noise meter
Who will win in?
Only one team will win in the noise meter.
And this great catch here in the deep, another one.
Wickets coming.
Very good bowling. Now the noise has subsided
There is enough here.
But Arpit ji, please keep it written in your account.
One party of orange juice and this match in if
If you win, you get two orange juices.
I am still looking for Anirudh. Now!
There was no arrangement for orange juice either.
Since then we have not seen Anirudh.
Here on the ground.
Bowler Sunny Bhardwaj very good ball
And here Pankaj sent a message to his boss.
He has decided that he will take leave from office on Monday.
He got tired of fielding
And the better the bowling, the better the catch.
His leave was approved
Here the experienced batsman vs.
Who do you think is an experienced bowler?
Will he win?
Left-handed batsman
Sharadul Joshi
Yes, in the last match he took very long wickets.
Shots were fired in the air.
He is a very experienced batsman. long hit
is capable of.
But Sunny is equally clever and cunning bowler.
Are.
Yes, there is no doubt in that.
That. Right arm round from the pavilion
Have to see.
Yes, there are two types of experiences in Mumbai.
One is of turf, one is of ground and one is of turf
The one doesn't last here.
Yes Arpit.
Very good ball. off side cast
Hui. Pushed slightly towards the cover.
The batsman ran for one run.
Like I said, Punit is a very experienced bowler.
Are. He bowls short and reaches his body.
Will not go. Otherwise, if Shadul comes on the body
The ball is capable of rotating. and on that side
The boundary is also a bit small.
Sunny bowls the next ball. It was a good ball. Miss Shot
Happened. The ball is going towards point.
Player runs for a run
Batson. Second run.
And there was some great fielding here.
Performance by Amit and also by the wicketkeeper
Nice take and another run out.
Loses his wicket while trying to steal two runs
happened
did not give
not out
Full hand
2 overs 4 balls 18 runs 3 wickets
Sorry, it was not a run out.
It was a good try
And look at the beautiful shot and go for six runs.
very nice shot
And these shots in the dugout are great shots.
Maximum here
very long six
Arpit I think it's at least 90 meters
There must be a six.
Yes, exactly, more than 90 meters.
That will happen. Yes, great shot with good timing.
Have played along.
Last ball of this over.
He has struck again and it was a beautiful catch.
Brilliant catch by Amit. Previous
A similar attempt was made in the match. Success
Couldn't have happened. But in this match Amit
You have taken a very brilliant catch.
I already said Sunny is experienced. This
Keep the ball slightly outside the offside and
forced the batsman to hit and
Showing such good fielding
Boundless. Very good catch.
Sunny's 10 runs in one over and a wicket, sorry two.
wicket
3 overs 24 for 4, last two overs remaining
How much do you think you will score?
I think Arpit must be around 40.
It is necessary and it can happen as long as Sardul
Are present there.
Yes, if you want to see a good match then at least
There must be a score of 40 plus.
Yes!
Not allowed.
Wanted to play towards cover, missed shot
It went towards point for two runs.
The batsman ran and completed two runs.
4 wickets for 26 runs
Changes in fielding
A player placed at point is placed at sweeper cover deep.
One player at sweeper cover
Third Man
Very good ball, he dodged it perfectly.
into the keeper's hands
Great bowling here
Pacific
Bowled very well in the power play as well.
Were.
Prashant's performance from his first over
Momentum is continuing very tight
Two were demanded here while bowling
But you will get only one good fielding here
Through the sky.
If you look at Prashant's individual figure
If you see, run and two from 1.3 overs
Wickets.
Very good bowling. still three of his
Balls are left. should we get four wickets?
Will he be able to?
Now watch Krishna on strike for your team
How much help do you provide?
Prashant's next ball. fourth ball of this over
of.
Good length ball. Played towards point.
There is no player there. two runs then
are easily.
By the time the fielder makes the field and completes two runs
Did.
Good running by the batsman here.
3.4
Four wickets for 29 runs in the over.
Two balls remaining in this over.
And completely missed it.
The umpire of this match
Naushad Sir and Fayaz Sheikh Leg umpire Fayaz Sheikh
And
Fayaz Sheikh is an international umpire
4 overs 29 runs 4 wickets
Who wants to watch the last over of this match?
Shane and I came here to binge
Shane Forest of Lumbard
And here the flash is on, very
There is a beautiful view here in the field
The floodlights here are something different and
Whatever you want from our Go Live
Watching the launch on YouTube
doer
Vignesh Konar
And his team and this good shot on the first ball
Fielder present there but work for two runs
I will have to shoot here, it was a good shot, no mess.
landing on the line
Last five balls
Goal Live's main camera pe Bala
And Sai Raj is on the side camera and Vinay
Operator Vinay
quite experienced
Team Hai Go Live
Broadcasting rides are very expensive here.
Went this week.
The next ball was on the stumps which Sardool did not play.
Found.
Amit bowls the next ball.
right round the wicket and
And this good shot fielder is there
Great catch
Fabulous. Another wicket falls here
Pay
It is not easy to catch in the deep
And a little shout out here from the One L One team.
Mounting the meter
One L1 Team has a very quiet audience
All the remaining three balls are hit
Saving energy for Monday
How many runs do they add? she sometimes
They say keep peace and make revolution.
And even if you try to make a revolution, it is not happening either.
It is here.
Once again a left-handed batsman.
Amit continues to perform well in his binge
Keeping it going and continuing from the previous match.
He took two wickets in the last match.
He took it in his last over.
And another shot in the air, fielder present bowler
Going himself and getting caught and bowled is very
fantastic here
Amit MVP O
He wants to do all the work himself.
Good bowling, good fielding.
Have some faith in your fielders.
New batsman Piyush
bowler on hat-trick
Let's see if Amit is able to score a hat-trick.
Or not.
Piyush Captain has a minor injury on his leg.
Is adjacent to. He also took a runner to the field.
I have landed in.
Be it Amit Mishra or Kuldeep Yadav,
Do you think a hat-trick will be possible?
should be done because last two balls are remaining
In which you have to hit from above but very
Hi Piyush hit a good shot.
kneeling shot
And two runs.
One shot, one shot.
a single run
Only one run will be awarded from the dugout.
There was demand but we had to manage with just one run.
will have to be here
last ball Amit's last ball
And the last ball here, go ahead and hit it
Fielder passing the ball over Pankaj
present there
Good effort by Pankaj but a little
Height
And the very best Bing performance team
By
He said 35 35 and he did it at 35 for 34.
Restricted and by all bowlers
Good performance to carry forward the momentum from the previous match
Continuing
It Looks Like an Easy Target, But Again, It's a
Game of cricket we can't predict until
V C
Very nice when the floodlights come on
Beautiful view here
And here by the Voting One team
I would like to thank Arpit ji who is our
Viewers are connected since morning on YouTube
Live
Welcome once again to the ICSI Labrador
Presents Brokers Premier League 226
Season three also took place in the Mumbai edition bore
The match was absolutely a wonderful league.
Was. Bengaluru also has many success stories.
Where one team also reached the final.
In current terms it is called Bengaluru.
Like you said about YouTube Live.
We have received very good feedback right now.
Me too. The commentary has also been highly praised.
Today I especially appreciated your commentary and very
Viewers from Delhi to Mumbai are also connected
from other parts of our country
People watching from different You Know locations
Live here on YouTube.
And after your arrival, more views directly
Are going to increase.
I will request the cameraman once.
The faces of the commentators should also be shown without voice.
together.
And here's the change in opening sts. Previous
Changed from the bar. This time Amit has gone
On batting. With Puneet and Puneet
Amit, what do you think, finish the match in two overs?
will find this
Because Anand Rathi's bowling is very
It's good, which we saw in the first matches as well.
Is
Noise Meter Anand Rathi Team Noise Meter
L1 Team Noise Meter
And here's the change in the opening pair.
Amit seems like a very professional cricketer.
Here. This bowling, fielding, batting, everything
Let's do something on our own.
Bring this special bat from your home.
Bat.
Once again welcome back the chase of 35
Wow good bowling, watch it in slow motion
The beginning of the Arpit means completely
The entire read has confused the batsman
and the ball has a good release point
Yes, exactly like we said after the last match.
I saw that the strategy of the One L One team worked.
It was decided that it would be a dot ball.
Should not be known. Runs must come
Because the length of the field in the field
Take advantage. At least single and double
I have to take it. Dot balls should not be considered
That's a good strategy, I would say.
Excellent bowling, excellent bowling Amit
Puneet is on strike and non-strike
Here again on LBW appeal
LBW is not available
definitely next year
DRS will bring one
And perhaps here the batsman will be disturbed.
Told to stop here
The leg umpire will say not out here.
Fayriyaz Sheikh umpire
And beautiful views all around.
can
Yes, the view here is absolutely beautiful.
We call him the Lord of Mumbai.
Stadium
Yes, Lord, it is a dream for any player.
to play this match in this ground
play
The dream has been fulfilled
The ICI Lombard team
All brokers
those who are connected
Divided by Companies but United by
ICI Lombard
And this was signalled wide by umpire Naushad.
Mine.
There is an appeal on every ball here, Anand.
By rate.
Looks like he's looking to take wickets.
Hurry to take the wicket.
And this time I tried to stop it with my feet.
But the ball will go out of the boundary line.
Four Runs wanted to adopt football skills
And these five five wides
Five
We
Neeraj Bhardwaj has made a comeback this time.
And here the batsman is trying big
It's very good to shoot here.
Bowling performance if extras
Apart from this, the batsman was not successful.
occurred or converted
4 balls, 7 runs, no wickets
26 balls and 28 runs
Watch the ball move a little bit in slow motion
Kept flighted, released slowly
But I'll take two runs here.
Great running
Amit and Puneet at a very fast pace
So, it's a good start at 10 runs per over.
Runs are being scored at a fast pace
nine runs
with nine runs
And the score here will remain the same One was gone
For no loss and 26 runs in 24 balls
A very good partnership to see
There has been a dispute between the Motor and Health Department
In
Different
Very nice shot here
Outside the boundary for four runs
powerful brilliant strong
First
And this is the bowler's first over on the first ball itself.
Puneet is very good at spoiling the momentum.
great shot
Absolutely Puneet, some news has come here.
It is a good contender. He is a good batsman.
He bats very intelligently and
He is adept at playing in the gaps.
Now we have to do some fireworks like this
And this is the opportunity to play under the floodlights.
Yes absolutely
And here is the message from the captain that you should take rest.
Play with it. There are a lot of overs left but I think
The batsman is not in the mood to stop.
If we talk about last year, Akash Yadav
Look at the way he turned
We're talking about turns
Completely Batsman
And here we are reminding you of Shahid Afridi.
At the speed at which he is bowling spin
Are
The way they spin from the East
The ball goes west
And the bowling speed is also very fast.
And this shot in the air is with the fielder present
And Neeraj will take an easy catch here, Puneet
will have to go
Fall of the first wicket
Electrifying Environment All Around Here
At Fatima Grounds WOW
Excellent batting well played by Punit
As we were talking about bowling,
Getting a good turn because of the turn
Here the batsman is defeated by the shot and
taking an easy catch
Now here we will talk about the equation 20 runs
Need runs in 20 balls ball situation
But they say not simple
Only six runs and one wicket for Akash Yadav this time
reverse turn
And only a single shot to the third man fielder there
were present at
And modern cricket has seen a lot of innovation.
Arpit used to play such shots a lot.
Players
Yes, as you will see,
Experience players are those technical shots
But Joe Young is believing more
Players are those fancy shots on their chances.
would like to take
Absolutely what a pitch of a delivery
excellent bowling
And here Amit feels like taking his own medicine
have to taste it because it is very
Good bowling by Amit bowling ji
They spin and it's very cool
Bowling view.
One and three for 16 after two overs
19 runs needed in the over. 19 Runs Needed 18
Balls left.
I think Arpit will be in the next two overs.
An economical bowling to Anand Ra United
Will have to do it. Something by giving only five runs
You have to do something amazing. But here at One and One Team
We will not let the match go like this.
Yes of course.
Anand team would like to take a chance in this over
If he can put his best bowler here
But because if the match slips out of our hands after this over
If I slip then there will be very few runs here.
There is a need.
New Bowling Changes Here Bowling
Have done. Deepesh has been brought here.
The special thing about the left arm is Arpit Left
Arm medium pacer, left arm spin
Affects right-handed batsmen
Yes absolutely
excellent bowling
His bowling is actually a bit Pradeep
He reminded me of Sangwan, Pradeep.
Sangwan also has such bowling, his run up
There used to be such a bowling style
And was a good cricketer.
19 runs in 17 balls.
Best bowler Ryan Side bottom from
England.
It will be totally beat. I want to play cross lines
Were. Excellent bowling from Deepesh.
Good Strategy from the Team Anand Ra
United they are putting pressure on one all one
Team
Prashant and Amit Let's See
As we said, if a good bowler
If you bowl in this over then there are chances of turning the match around.
Is
Yes, it is absolutely affordable now.
I want to play a little slow ball.
Were
And taking two runs could be a danger but
The throw is not that accurate
And I will say that he stole these two runs here.
One run stolen here One L1 team scored two runs
It was not very good running here.
Exactly 17 runs needed in 15 balls match
It has become very interesting
Blown away, sent straight away
Six runs into the planetarium in space
Very nice shot here by Prashant.
A very long six by him, excellent and powerful.
Hit Mausam Mastana Rasta Anjaana by Prashant
Made everyone crazy
Wow
We'll do the same fireworks and see equation 11
Now he needs another brilliant shot in 14 balls.
Fielder present here, fielder present there
And this time a boundary for four runs.
excellent batting
Good batting, there has been a commotion, there has been a commotion
There is noise, the batsman hit a bang
And there's a lot of noise in the One L One team's dugout.
And Anand Rathi's Dugout is quite amazing.
yes absolutely
Make Some Noise One L One Team
and also make some noise Anand Ra United
Team
This is the support of both the teams. very much
Fabulous
Now see this, only six runs were scored easily.
Needed in 12 balls. Matches that Impact dropped
There is a four and a six.
Yes of course.
Okay so one l one team after me you say you
One l One Team after me say One Team I
Kahunga One Isle
ok here we go one ile
One Isle
One Day
Brother will win, brother will win
will win
Yes Absolutely Broke Premier League
Will win. A big round of applause for Puneet ji.
Lets do it
And the ball is in the air, here on the bowler's pitch
Simple catch here
Speak Anand Ra Team
will win
Wow, the ground is absolutely heating up here.
Excellent atmosphere Very nice atmosphere
And it is quite rare to see such a thing.
That left arm spin and that too in tennis cricket
In.
Yes of course.
Many left arm bowlers have been seen
Us.
Five runs needed from 10 balls and now
Whose government will be there now?
The government will always be of the brokers.
Government Brokers Premier League of Cricket
that the government has blown up this time
And
Make some noise for one l one for six runs
Team
Straight into the quarterfinals one on one
Team GroupC
A great way to end the match
Amit doing all-round performance here
man of the Match
ok dj fasla flipchi
gap flipchi
come on
Two Ace Diamonds on 17 after two overs
Taking Up Vs Anand Ra United
The One More Wicket Fall Welcome Back Once Again To
The ICICI Lamb Presents Brokers
Premier League Two to Six Season Three This
is live from the iconic stadium of Mumbai
Fatima Grounds Vidya Mumbai
And this time he has given the ball a chance in the air.
and will grab it
Neeraj caught the fall of the wicket here.
Bade wanted to play down to the track
for a stroke but at long off
Excellent catch that makes the third wicket fall
17 for Three Edge Diamonds
And a wicket has been taken here, catch one.
More wickets fall
On a hat-trick, Deepesh is on a hat-trick now.
Sourav on strike here we go
O excellent bowling big appeal here
There could have been a chance for a hat-trick
Excellent bowling performance here Anand R
United
Excellent support in the dugout Anand Ra
Watching S Diamond from United now
How will she perform in this match?
Currently the score is going on 17, there is some pressure
Is
And true IPL vibes there Anand Ra
United
only a single
18 for four
Just one run conceded in this over, two wickets
In the name of Deepesh
Oh, and this ball is going outside the leg stump.
Creates a bit of a dramatic mood here.
Supporters of Ananda Ra United present
And it feels quite exciting
The support of the audience here is excellent.
I have got this cricket completely
They made it a festival. 20 on four
Score at the moment. Sumit Shour
Sourav Khot is at the crease
And this time he has played and is taking two runs.
and two runs here
Will complete it.
Four Ace Diamonds on 22 after three overs.
OK, may I request Team Gallagher Captain?
and single strikers for the coin toss.
First Match
Group D First Match
ok welcome first of all to captain
Let there be loud applause and welcome to the
ICS Presents Brokers Premier League
226 First of All We Will Ask Gallagher
United how is the feeling how is it feeling
Very nice, very amazing, the level of
The tournament is increasing every year and
Congratulations to all the winners. it's a
Good game. So, Gallagher United must watch out for
How many supporters does it have? Make some noise.
Wow, wow, amazing. And now time for the
Unle Strikers. What do you say
Would like to.
Nothing. The tournament is going well.
Let's see now. Let's play. After playing
Only he will understand what is going on. No.
You gave me a tough competition in Hyde.
Is. Ok. How many of Unitil Strikers
Are you supporters? Make some noise.
Well, you've been all over Sri Lanka.
What?
Ok. So who will call? Himanshu sir if you will
Does the owner?
Who will call?
Ok. Will Gallagher Call?
Tails is the call.
Here it is? So You Want the Truth
Decided and Why?
Let's see how the bowling is now. defend chess
It will be fun to do it. It will be fun to chase. See
Let's take it.
So You Will Bat First What You Want to Say
Five overs. 60 runs have been scored here and one
We will set a big target.
I will definitely try to be between 50 and 60.
Or.
Ok. I wish you all the best both the
Captain.
All the best.
So the next match coming Unlight Striker
One the toss decided to bowl first
Invited Gallagher to bat first
Hello and Welcome Back Once Again
Waiting for the Group D match after this match
But before we see who will qualify the
Quarter Finals
One and One Team Already in the Quarter
Finals
The umpire is checking if the confirmation is at four.
And six is ​​at four and six four runs
What is the matter. You just need a speaker
Not there. what's up wow your name sir name
Sir, please tell me once
And here's the wicket.
A big round of applause for Sunil Sunil ji.
Go friends
Sunil's Noise Meter 130 Plus
Now after this this match
D
D has the first match D will have the first match
After that
This means everyone is playing A B D 1 2 3 4
will be
This will survive
is of
They are going for two runs, chance the run out
End to Runs Taken
15 for one
Give multiple shots and turn around and this limit
Four runs outside the line
wonderful shot. I think it's because of Sunil.
are winning the match.
What would I like to say to Sunil Sunil?
Do you? How do you do it? whatever you do
You are amazing.
Can anyone speak in front of Sunil?
And tried to take a catch here.
Excellent attempt by the fielder to take that
Catch but couldn't get hold of it. That's the
Chance Has Been Put Down. only now
Three runs are needed here.
Sunil ji said winning shot.
The shot is a winning shot, whatever brother said,
I said it should be like this now
This time this simple catch has taken the wicket
To the keeper but it slips a little there.
Please check if he is injured.
umpires
I slipped there due to a little dew factor.
Good effort but wicket keeper catch
To catch.
So the score will be a level and Anand Ra will have to watch
How many supporters does United have? Make Some
Noise
What is the matter. Wow what?
Brother will win, brother will win
He will win, he will win brother.
what's up wow
Sunil ji, what is the secret of your energy?
Crazy crazy right support here Anand Ra
United supporters
Score level, one run from six balls
need
So Sunil ji, if you had won this match then your
Please dance for Fasla Philipra ji
Please DJ get ready again once
Dhurandhar again
Flip Ranchi
Will this be the winning shot?
For Anand Ra United
and this catch dropped and
One run taken here and with this the match
has won. Music
So the two teams qualified in the quarter
Final Make Some Noise for the One Is One Team
And second team is Anand Ji United
Seeing their enthusiasm, they went straight to the finals.
Want to enter.
Let me present a poem for you.
I want. I request everyone to come
Here. a video
For Sunil ji.
All the best for the wraps and for tomorrow too
Everyone wait, everyone, even Anand Rathi
Will remain present and win the final Inshallah
Will go.
I will say that only Anand Rathi should win.
And everyone loses.
Thank you very much.
OK Once Again Make Some Noise for Anand Rathi
United.
Thank you very much.
Video
Welcome back once again to the ICICI
Lombard Presents Brokers Premier League
Two and two six and the two teams qualified
In Group C Another Thing Anand Rath United
And one l one team now it's time for the
Group D The Four Teams I Welcome All The Four
Teams
So I welcome all the team Galle United
Union Strikers
Aon N And Lockten
A on A on Okay A on A on A on Perfectly
You corrected me, I said a on a on and
On and Lockten all are welcome.
If we talk about Group A.
So We Have Added Titans and Pink Panthers
Qualified. Qualified from Group B
Are. How Done vs. How Done Brawn Warriors
And now qualified from Group C.
One L One Team and Ananda Ra United First
Ball of the New Match Group D
And this time looking to play for the big one
completely beaten their good bowling
Good fielding gave only a single
So Gallagher United and United
Strikers News from the Center Unlight
Strikers Won the Toilet to Field
First
Going for another run here
The throw here is not that accurate, two runs here.
Will take. Five balls, five runs, no wickets.
Gallagher United
Wanted to take a run here but it was excellent.
End of bowling over One over Five runs No
Gallagher United
So if you are a supporter of Gallagher United
make some noise
What is the matter. And if you are a supporter of
Unlight Strikers Make Some Noise.
Good East Side West Side.
Great atmosphere all around here live
From Fatima Grounds Mumbai under the flood
Lights We Experiencing One The Iconic
Cricket Ground in Mumbai V SE Age
Lords of Mumbai
Mahesh Shetty Only Five Runs Considered Now
Devdas Rane in the Attack
Arjun Sharma and Sanjay Mera Do Batters End
This time what a pick up shot that will go
All the way for four runs Wow
Excellent timing, very well played so
Gallagher United come to me say so
Beautiful so elegant just looking like a
Wow Wow
Just looking like a wow nine for no loss
Arjun Sharma got his first boundary.
And that's a good strike the fielder
Standing there at long on the same drops
It only drops it and to run is taken
Luck is on Arjun Sharma's side here.
Name
The dream was shattered when the catch was missed here.
11 runs, no wickets
There could be a chance of the wicket for the team
Unlight Strikers
Just left to it's a wicketkeeper that's a
Very good bowling from Devdas Rane
Arjun Sharma Sanjay Mehra Eight of Six
Arjun Sharma with One Four and Sanjay Mehra
Playing anchor role.
That's a good strike. Into the Gaps. that
Will run away for four runs.
Excellent ball. excellent batting this it
From Arjun Sharma.
That's what they needed.
15 for no loss.
No fielder standing at deep cover.
Last two balls coming up of the second over
That Will Be the End of the Power Play After
This after this is over.
Just a single.
16 for no loss. So Gallagher United
What do supporters want? we want
We want.
we want
Let's see the demand for Sixer Sanjay Mehra
a big firework
Will the rocket launch or not?
Last ball of the second over 16 for no loss
Great bowling here.
The keeper missed the back-of-fielder here.
were present there, they stopped it
So Too Gone 17 for Nun Gager United
Five runs came in the first over, then 12 runs came.
Two overs from this over 17 fun
So waiting for the two more teams to
Qualified in the quarter-finals. V
Already got six teams from Group A, B
And C And Now Time For The Group D Stage
Under four teams who will qualify for the two
Teams in the quarter-finals.
TV
Good Shot From Mahesh Shetty Effective Binge
1.2 Only Five Runs Considered
Going down the leg side for a wide
Waiting for more fire wax from the team
Gallagher United.
That's a very good bowling, just defending
It Nicely Got That Outside Edge for Single.
2.4 20 runs no wickets Gallery here
United
Three runs of the over so far good bowling
O That's Drop
Taken the Second Attempt and Catch the Dream
Broke but did not face run out
It is broken. that's a wicket fall
And if you are a supporter of Unitil
Strikers Make Some Noise
Where are the UNIL Strikers?
Supporters
I think it's too wide in the corner.
Is.
Sorry United Strikers supporters
First wicket falls for Gallagher United
21 for one
2.5
Priyal Priyal Oza Coming at Number Three
Oh wow it's a typical Suryakumar Yadav
Shot he played that and end to rans taken.
That's good running.
So Gallagher is 23 for one after three overs.
United.
Is that Devdas once again in the bowling attack?
Let's See
Just going down the leg side for wide well
Left by Batter
He is very flexible
Priya Loza and Sanjay Mera
That's very good Bing Clever Bing from
Devdas Rani
24 for One the Score Remains
Just a Single
Looking to Flick It But Not Well Timed But
Will get single run
And looking to play a reverse scope shot
Good bowling from Devdas Rani
That's a very good bowling into the block
Hole. No Option for the Battle Left to Just
Defend the ball.
26 for one 3.5 last ball coming up off the
Fourth over.
Devdas Rani conceded only three runs in this over.
Just chipped in the air but single at long off
So very good over just considered four runs four
Gallagher United on 27 after 1 over
And this time excellent shot
That will go all the way for six runs wow
You can see the way the place is
He has played it to the deep backward square boundary.
over the line for six runs
This is a better angle to watch if you are watching
Live on YouTube
Wow good hit
33 33 for two
Once again up and over will they go for two runs
going for two
And here's the best
Sagar and Sanjay are batting.
35 for two against two runs
On the Track Very Well Played
Into the gaps and run away for four runs Wow
Absolutely fantastic batting
As many races here as Sagar here, the team
Very made for
batting with
Have succeeded, four are playing on 12
One 1416 29 for two in balls
And one more ball here, the umpire will have to see this
Wide ball signal by umpire Mr. Fayariaz
What would Sheikh So Gallagher United want now?
we want
Four runs or six runs will have to be seen
The score is 41 for two off the last two balls.
Keeper has missed here, will get one
Bye and Last Ball Coming Up
So what do you expect from Gallagher United?
want we want
We want exactly six here, Sagar
Mausamkar who hit the best six
One over the backward square for a run
Big hit here try last ball
First Inning Here We Go
And yes that's gone for a big one the biggest
Of the nine Absolutely Fantastic from
Sea
Here You Can See The Action Replayy Chak De
Fatte nab de gilli and ball have been sent
Directly to Delhi
Wow
Five overs, 48 ​​for two, amazing, blasted.
Diya Sagar, the weather has made him miserable.
I would like to say that with his arrival all the bowlers go away.
I am afraid that the ocean is the weather
Okay, okay, this is the special moment for the
The beauty of the trophy reveal moment.
Yes
Hello Sir Fayaz Sir please start it a little early
Tell the fielding side
Quite a large total
49 runs needed in 30 balls.
Madhav the batsman
and Mahesh
Let's see how many runs we add in the power play
It is for your team.
OK we have the special moments here. Sir
Welcome to the ICSC Lambav Brokers
Premier League 226 This is the third edition of
The Mumbai Edition and I like it Welcome To
Mr. Ajit Hora. MD & CEO of Gallagher
Brokers. Make Some Noise Around Applause.
So first of all Mr. Ajit Hora Sir. How
Is the Feeling and What You Want to Say?
Why do we need to express few words?
I think this is um. I I have I have
Not seen. Hi. I think this is um. I
Have seen such a you know insurance companies and
Insurance Industries Tournament of This
Level. Beautiful, awesome. I Cook Kiddos Too
The ICICI Lomard Team and to Bring All
These brokers and the entire brotherhood
Together. Happy to be here and proud to
Be here. Thank you.
And also we welcome Mr. Irfan Shivani
MD from Team Lockn Company Make Some Noise
Round Applause
Mr. Irfan Sir Few Words to Express
First of All I Really Want to
Congratulations ICC Lombard for
Organizing this event and this is this is
Not the first event I'm sure this
Is I Suppose the Third Season the Third of the Third Season
And I've been following this season in
Every year and I am not the player. I am
Of course I am a big fan of cricket but I came
Here and I watch people playing as Mr.
Ajit Hura Menshand. Ah this has this event
Has really become a very iconic one. This has
Become very you know branded event. I Chose
To not watch international cricket at home. I
Came here to watch this cricket. That's the
The craze and hype of this. Really
Congratulate IC no but
Thank you very much for the few words and I
Request Sir Again Just Ah Come For The
Beauty of the Trophy of the Reveal It's Time
For the reveal of the trophies, glittering trophies
Whose hands will she go into and this is the time
Celebration of that
On OK in a count of three to one here
We Go
Much Mr. Ajit Sir and Mr. Irfan Sir
Let's give them a big round of applause
Diwali is still not getting over the Diwali
Celebration
They get promoted, okay, thank you very much.
Much One L One T Make Some Nice
thank you very much
Went
The fire of the match goes to
Even Fire Crackers The Sursuri Made The Magic
Moment Funny Moments For Us
So 49 to Win Here for the Unilight
Strikers and one over a good start 15
Runs on the board in one over 15 runs no wicket
No 34 from 24
And that's played up played up an over but s
A fielder will stop there and will come back for two
And welcome back in the com box you did good
Supported by Om Sir from the umpiring
Also, if we have umpiring here
If we talk about commentary, you will not like it.
It is absolutely fine so welcome once again
Thanks Mitesh, I want to play reverse shot
But he completely missed the ball.
But could not stop it from one run.
1 over, 2 balls, 18 runs without
No damage.
49 runs needed in five overs.
The beginning has been good.
18 runs have been scored in eight balls.
in 22 balls
31 runs needed.
Played lightly on the on side for a single.
Batsman ran for
But we will have to be satisfied with just one run.
Three balls remaining in this over.
Pulled the next ball and looked on the on side.
Fielder behind and caught
Fall of the first wicket
1 over, 4 balls, 19 runs and 1 wicket
The floodlights of the ground are a very nice sight.
Outfield wickets of the ground
A lot of hard work goes into this place
And what about Go Live?
Very good projection
his cameraman his team
All with a lot of experience
The next ball of this over is the fifth ball.
He may want to play towards point but the ball
was completely beaten and Fayaz Sir's
Wide ball signal
score keeps rising
20 runs, 1 wicket, 2 balls remaining in this over
He may want to hit a big shot but he can't do it completely.
fours from
Last ball of the power play for Power
Wanted to play towards super cover.
Very good fielding. Satisfied with one run
have to do it.
Two overs, 22 runs, one wicket.
27 runs needed in 18 balls.
Come on, let's hurry up.
Fielding Team
You have less time. I will do it a little faster.
Doctor
Third over of the match
27 runs needed from 18 balls
Hello and welcome to the four two more teams.
Coming Lockn and Team A on you are the final in
The Previous Season with MIBL Correct So
How are you feeling and what would you like to say?
Season Three
It's a very good organizing
Tournament Here
Last Year We Played Really Well Hopefully We
Will Played Really Good Cricket Now and Hope
For the best may the best
ok may the best team vince n k how many
Supporters Make Some Noise
Well, two are here and the rest are in Sri Lanka.
ok lockten captain how are you feeling
It seems
It's a great feeling I think it's season
Three Have Been Fortunate to Part All the
Three Seasons That's a Different Story
Different organization.
ah and being fortunate for the finalists
In the season one but and both the season with
Different Winners Let's Hope There Is a New
Winner this time and cheers to our team. Income
Think ah we are prepared. Let's See the Best
Man Win.
The trophy is very near to you.
Ok. How many supporters does Locktens have? Big Sum
Noise.
So we will declare the winner
ok so we will spin the coin who will call
From the official Will Spin Kapil Sir
Hades is the call from Lockton
Tells it is what you want that does what you will
Decide
ok i wish you all the best
So after this match we have two new teams
Joining the party of Group D A on and
Lock 10 The Team A On
or runner up off
The Yesterday Previous Year Season Two
MIBL was a winner of the last season on
This Fatima Grounds
So with that six now 22 runs
Needed 13 Balls Once Again
O The Catch Has Been Put Down
off the over
Another two overs on 28 after three overs
21 runs are required
28 after three overs, 21 needed in two overs
Run.
That is a bit high in the air but a safe landing
Umpire singles in a no ball from square leg.
And that's coming up following ball will be
Free Hit
Rahul on strike
That's a good strike. Hit hard but give
fielder standing at long off only a
Single.
18 runs in nine balls with a wide now nine
17 runs in balls
17 runs needed
This time clever bowling, good bowling
So a couple of more good bowling from Ashutosh
Ashutosh Matre
17 runs in eight balls
full toss ball but that full toss ball is properly
Could not take advantage. one run here
will get.
16 runs and seven balls.
A big hit is essential here. not across
Come across. What will the batter do here?
only a single
They're going for two runs and this will be the easy
Run Out and Ya Gone
15 runs needed in one over and one wicket kept
So the final over of the match coming up 15
From six balls.
We Go
Looking for the Big One Good Stop No Ransom
15 runs in five balls
We have Devendra Kadu in the bowling attack
Only one run they need fire but one run will
Not
Help them to win 14 runs in 4 balls 14
from four
Will get only single run
excellent bowling from
Gallagher United.
13 runs needed in three balls.
There is still a chance, we need 12 runs in three balls.
Run
Still There Is Some Hope Left for Yunil
Strikers to win this match
Mahesh Shetty
On Strike
That's Gone Miles in the Air
And that will go all the way for four still the
Hope is Remaining
Eight runs needed in two balls.
The match has completely turned around here.
Now Mahesh Shetty has hit eight runs in two balls.
Need that one ball a dot ball and one ball a big
Hit Mahesh Shetty Here We Go 8 runs 2 balls
O ball well left wow well left flexible
Better Mahesh Shetty
Seven Runs to Balls
what a match this is
Oh that's a dot ball
Need that one big hit last ball
Seven Runs and One Ball
One dot ball will be the match Gallagher United
single double will be also ok
And yes with that
ICICI Lomar Presents Brokers Premier
League Q 263
We are having two new teams joining in the
contest
Aion vs Lockton An One The Toss Decided To
Bat First
OK, we are all in readiness.
Rahul Rahul Panchal on strike Mitesh on
Non-strike Jairaj Singh's counter
five four three two one here we go
First two overs to fielder sorry circle 30
Eight circle one at long off and one at cow's
Ko Fielder Bit
at mid-wicket now
First Ball Here We Go
And first ball good strike by captain
Rahul Panchal
Going for a second run but back
sent
Mitesh Chauhan
Now on Strike
This time the game has been made. the ball is going
towards fine leg along the boundary line
out for four runs
Good strike from Mitesh
Two ball five for no loss.
And they will capitalize on more gains in power.
Play
That's very good, fielding good, bowling good.
Bowling Enough
An excellent tap and play single
Good Come Back From Jayaraj
Attempting multiple shots
Switch Hit Looking to Play
But
Then he thought it was not coming on the bat
Just left and went for a dot ball
Quick Single Taken
Five balls, seven runs, no wicket in this over
Jairaj Singh will bowl the last ball
There is a strong long off fielder this time.
over there
One run ends the over. One was gone.
A on eight for no loss
After Jairaj Singh Ramakrishnan
The Tall Man Comes in the Attack
So one more over in the power play
One at long off and one fielder at Kano
Mitesh Strike
And that's high in the air
Oh that was a bit
With Great Effort We Can Say Enough
And it's very tough to take that reverse catch
and while running
Will take two runs in the occasion
There is something different strategy to the
ball that should allow the batsman to hit for
The Big One
G outside edge and very good stop by the
fielder shot to third man
Single Taken
Team A score is 11, no wickets yet
On Royal Panchal The Captain On Strike
And Up An Over Very Well Played That Will Go
All the Way for Four Runs
Music
That's very well played deep backward point
for four
And Rahul was looking to play for the big one
A Bit of Fumble There But No Runs Taken
Ramakrishnan
Eight runs conceded in four balls
16 runs no wickets
Last two balls in the power play
And Rahul Pancha looking for some big fire
Wax
Attempt to hit a ultiply shot but is beaten
Done, no rans
And it was like a bit of lost his
Balance the fielder at covers and because of
That's a he was about to take that catch.
But that's being put down. still a good
Attempt to stop.
Two Gone 17 Nun
They're going for two runs and they'll get two.
Runs
Team Avon
They were the runner up of season two of the
Brokers Premier League Two to Four and the
Winner was Mil and this time he connects
This time he got a success
He turns the other way for four runs.
Captain Royal Panchal Striking Really Well
13 of No with Two Force
Team A on 23 no wickets
Oh that's stumping out and getting on
The First Wicket Falls and Good Bye Frome
Jairaj Singh
Stepping Out From the Cudgels and Looking To
Play for the Big One and Completely Misted
Anurag has done the job behind the stump 13
of 10 with two foals and Captain Departs
Rahul Panchal
2.3 for one team and on
25 for 1 after three overs
Wow Innovation
reverse
And that will go all the way for four Rans Kunal
Tanna in the big attack and first ball
Four runs with a superb reverse.
Mitesh Chauhan 14 fed with two for 29
Forest
Very well left by the better to get them
Extra Run and Quick Run Taken Wide
plus one run
31 for one
Siddhesh More on strike
Siddhesh More or Last Year I Still
Remember he played a fantastic batting
He was one of the top in the most valuable
Player MVP Siddhesh More
One of the top contenders in the list in the
Previous Year of the Brokers Premier League
Two to Four
That's very good bowling once again made a place
wanted to play here connect connect
Couldn't do it and got totally beaten
one for 32
With the single 33 for one Siddhesh more back
On Strike
That's a good strike in to the block hole
They are going for two runs chance for the run out
and gone
Just shot of the crease good throw from
From long on fielder and that's one more
Wickets for all.
It was very quick run between the wickets but the
The fielder was too quick than the batters.
Accident throw.
34 for the last ball of the fourth over coming up
Siddhesh on strike
Oh that's gone bold back to back the team locken
has got the wicket of a on just hitting at the
top of the stumps
The Tumblr Shattered Dream of Siddhesh More
So one wicket falls
Four was gone 34 for three
And this time that played a hook shot
Four Runs at Backward Regions
Short pitch ball and excellent timing
38 for three last four balls coming up off
The First Innings
The score is 39 for three in the last three balls.
Coming Up Will They Get 45 Plus Praneet Parab
On Strike
That's a good strike.
And all the way for four runs at long on
Region.
We're talking about that 45 they got 43 now
With that boundary and two balls left.
Of the innings coming up.
So One Mid Expensive Ramakrishnan 1.48 rs
will come back let's see
Oh yes that's a good comeback we just talked about
43 for three
Last ball coming up will get a wicket and
Praneeth will look for the big one.
Ball going outside the off stump line
Umpire Mr. Om Singh signaling wide
44 for three would be a big hit 50
Score
Not easy to hit big shots on this ground
specially
Good Strike
for a single
And yes that's out so to run 46 for four
After five is and 47 to win for the team
Lockton.
So Very Well Played by Team N
47 to Win for Team Lockon Will Take a Short
Break and come back mean wild music.
Hello and welcome back once again to the ICI
Lumbard Presents
And proudly presenting this third season
At the iconic cricket ground Fatima
Grounds Vidya Mumbai
Brokers Premier League Two and 26 Season 3
47 The Target to Chase for the Team Lockon End
Rahul Panchal
setting up the field the skipper of a on
All in readiness we have Anurag Ryan
Nitin Verma on strike and non-strike end
Ankur Jain Will Start The Residences
So umpire ready fielders ready batters are
Ready and All Specters Are Ready
So game on three to one and game on
Here we go first ball 47 to chase
in 30 balls
very well left starting with the
Extra
Down the leg side for a wide
Looking for the Big One No Run Sent Back
So keeping the eye on the fielder at sh mid
Wicket: Anurag Rai Denay to take that single
Nitin Verma
He says that there is no need to take risks right now
Good
observation
This Time Will Take a Single Run
Two for No Loss and Nitin Verma will face the
First Ball
Chance for the Catch and Being Put Down.
This catch should have been taken. Wicket here
Could have gotten it sooner. A Pressure Lockton Team
But the catch was missed and the dream was shattered.
Luck in the favor of Team Lockton.
Looking to play for Big One outside edge
fielder standing at sh third man for a single
And that will run away for four runs at fine
Leg region becomes easy picking up shot
Short pitch ball and that's a good strike
From Nitin Verma
And that's what every over n rans 10 rans
They Can Get This Target Win 47 to Chase For
The Team Lockon
Last ball the first over 8 for no loss
And that's up and over of the fielder and that
Will run away for four runs wow good batting
So one over gone 12 for no loss excellent
Start From Team Lockton
35 runs needed in four overs now
The required run rate is 8.75 and
Started with 12 runs and that's what
Nitin Varman Anurag Rai
Anurag Rai will play the anchor role and Nitin
Verma has already got two boundaries good
Start one over 12 for no loss and 35 runs
in 24 balls
1 over, 12 runs, no wicket here in the deep
Fielder stationed at deep backward point
has done and one fielder at deep mid wicket
That's two fielders outside the circle
Long on is brought back to mid on
Something will come in this over for sure
Siddhesh More
High in the Air
They Will Stop
And a good stop by the fielder at mid-on
Running Towards Long on Reason and to Run
Taken good batting from Anurag Rai
Now there is a change in field settings mid
On is going long on and deep backward
The point fielder is coming at point inside the
Circle so one fielder at mid wicket and one
fielder at long on
And Again There Is a Field Setting Change
Long on is brought back to mid on and there is
A fielder red long of now
long off and mid wicket
That will land safe for sure and Captain
Rahul Panchal was running to take that catch.
Will get a single 15 for no loss
Team Locken now needs 32 runs in 3.4 overs
For.
This time the best binge
Wanted to play this beat from above the point
Done Siddhesh More is a good contender
He had a good season last year
Here are the brokers Premier League two to four
In
He batted well and bowled well.
And this is what their experience counts for now.
will
Change back to fielding. Now long off and
long on fielder
Outside the Circle
and direct hit here but
Reached the crease.
Just in Time 16 for No One Run Taken That's
A Quick Running From Nitin
31 runs from 20 balls
Around the Track Very Well Played
But there is a fielder at long on
And Direct Hit and This Time Gone
Wow
take a ball for that player a very good it
Was unfortunately hit on the stumps only
Never Thought It Was Hitting On The Stumps It
Was a very good throw and that's a wicket fall
First wicket of Tim Locken
So good throw from Shashank there got the big
Man out Nitin Verma
Really baited well 10 of five to force 1.57
For One
30 Runs in Coming 3.1
That's 19 balls and 30 runs to get
This time a strong blow
And this ball is going out of the boundary line
for four runs
Jayraj Singh was brilliant on the first ball.
21 runs after two overs
26 runs needed in three overs. in 18 balls
26 runs needed. We will have to see who this time
C. Government.
Lockton or N
Music.
So to go 21 for
Forest
To Shashank G promoted after hitting the
Direct Hit From The Long On
He looks to play fine towards fine leg
And that will go all the way for four runs. Yes.
The ball went towards that square leg
Region
There is something confusing
in the fielding side but that will run away for
Four.
22 runs needed now in 17 balls.
Wow what was that? What was that? What
A Good Turn
That was a good from Shashank
22 runs 14 balls
Going wide outside the off line
21 from 14
Score That Outside Edge
Looking Landon Talking Tokyo
and single run they will get 20 runs and 13
Balls need that one big hit to get the
Equation Close
Last ball of the third over coming up 20
From 13
That's again a wide ball
Trying to hit a flip shot here
But we got totally beaten, excellent bowling
Seven Runs Considered by Shashank
Three gone 28 for one locked 19 runs in 12
Balls
Now Captain Royal Panchal comes into the attack
Very Crucial Over of the Match
17 from 11 now
Anurag Rai on strike
got that one one four and Jayaraj also got one
Four
So two big destructive batsmen on the crease
and catches matches Rahul Pancha the captain
Strikes
Looking to play on side, ball goes off side
Covers region simple catch and that's a variant
Break through that team an needed and they g
10 balls and 17 runs now for Team Locken
It's a bit difficult here
But now they say
Both teams need a win
Both teams are fully in it to win.
She is sucking. And good good catch again by
Abhinendra at Covers
They're looking for two runs and they'll get it.
Ramakrishnan
He just needs four or five steps, he is a tall
Man to Run the 23s
15 runs in nine balls
Very good bowling from Rahul Panchal
And that will go all the way for six runs in
The Com Box.
Excellent timing, so beautiful, so
So elegant, so powerful, so explosive.
Just looking like a wow.
That was the biggest of the night.
And it was catching chance for Nirav ji
Also. It was well besides of me.
Also it was catching chance for me also.
They are looking for two only a single run. that
One Big Six Made the Impact Completely.
Seven runs needed in six balls. Four overs for 40
Two.
Seven Runs
In six balls.
So Team Ann and Team Lockton. Who will win?
Brother will win, brother will win.
If you are supporting Team N, make some noise.
If You're Supporting Team Lockn Make Some Noise
Team Lockton's noise meter has exploded.
Seven Run Six Ball Crazy Atmosphere
And let's see very interesting match in
Progress at Fatima Grounds
Seven Runs Six Balls
The Strong Candidate Siddhesh More
Inu the Attack
Here We Go
Just a single chance run out
But Quickly Into the Crease
Five balls and six runs
Excellent bowling from Siddhesh and o that
could be the run out chance
Single Run
Five runs in four balls, all eyes on this match
All Eye On Siddhesh More All Eye On Jayaraj
Lion
four balls five runs
And that's gone high in the air
They go for two runs
Two Runs Three Three Ball and Three Runs
Run a ball easy three singles and that's it
But Now We Need to Check Weather Team A on Will
set up that attacking fielding and will be the
Same what they are currently right now in the field
Setup
three ball three run
Just Played with Soft Hands with Single
And to ball to needed now they are not taking
Risk They Are Not Going for the Big One
two balls and two runs
So a bit of silence in the crowd who
Will he win? Brother will win, brother will win.
Brother will win, brother will win.
Lts C Lockton and N
We will say the game of cricket will win.
Two Balls and Two Runs Interesting to Watch
Very Crucial Ball Coming Up of the Match
Oh clean ball wow good bowling from Siddhesh
More
Timber Shutter Dream Scattered
One Ball Too Needed
And Team N on the Money Siddhesh More on the
money
Both have completely named the match.
The team's excellent bowling performance was by Siddhesh
More an experience contender called it
goes. Excellent bowling.
Here We Go Once Again. will ask who
Will he win? Brother will win, brother will win.
Brother will win, brother will win.
So which government this time?
Lockton's government or Ann's government? One Ball Two
Runs
what a match this is
Two runs and one ball still
Dhak Dhak Dhak Dhak Dhak Dhak Dhak Dhak
Here we go to run one ball
And they will go for two for sure and this
Will be like o that's score a level and we
Are expecting
Team
The First Super Over Coming Up of the ICC
Lamba Presents Brokers Premier League Two
and 2626 seasons
Three
Music Music
ok here we go
Super and First Ball
Siddhesh More Will Start Jayaraj On
Strike. Nitin Verma non strike.
Let's play.
And that's wicket first ball and remember
Only two wickets then that's it. That's the
End of that first innings. So They Got One
Wicket Very Early and Now Last Wicket
Coming up.
So good fielding side from team A on
And now will be the last wicket if they got
One more wicket than that, it's that side of the
First Innings of Super Over
Anurag Rai The New Better Walks In
Oh just
No Ransom In Fact That Was They Just In The Air
Very Good Stop
will get a single run
The first run in the account of the Super Over
And yes that's it. That's the end of the
First innings of super over, good catch taken so
They need only four runs
Okay, so only one run, only two runs needed.
There is a bit of correction from my side
So only two runs needed
One for two good bowling attack from Team N
So only to run one for two and this will be
Like he will finish the match in a single ball.
So only two rans needed and captain royal
Mitesh Panchal on strike and I think
These two runs coming this first ball very
The first ball will go for the two runs and
Boundary Lets See
Two to Win First Ball
O single taken so
Level and Only One Needed
three three
Here We Go Just One Needed
For the team, a one and that's it
Team A on Got the Victory
So match number three of Group D it will be
Three Overs Match Match One Loser vs Match Two
loser
So both the teams are getting one more chance to get
Get the First Win
Three Overs Match G
And the one more match coming up lockin
Taking Up Against Unlight Strikers Locken
One the toss decided to bowl first
So once again welcome back to the ICICI
Rombards Brokers Premier League Two
Six Season Three We Have Three Matches Left
For the Day One
This will be a three-over match.
Then we have five matches left and another three
Hours Match Will Left of the Day One Day Two V
will start with the quarterfinals that will
Be tomorrow but mean while we have three matches
left of the day
Three overs, five overs and three overs
And that's a good catch taken by Ramakrishnan
At long off first wicket falls
So Welcome Back Once Again ICA Low
Presents Brokers Premier League Two Two
Six
Unlight Strikers Taking Up With Lockon
Locked at the toss, he selected to field first.
And they got the first wicket of Unlight
Strikers Very Early
Starting with two dot balls and then that
wicket fall off madhav kadam
Strikes from Jayaraj
Mahesh Shetty The New Better
Just going outside the stump line for
Wide first run in the account of Unlight
Strikers
And that's a good strike in the air o' the
Fielder tries to take that
Good Effort
That Will Run Away for Four Runs Mahesh Shetty
First ball good strike
That could be the one more wicket fall but
Just a Fraction of a Second
Resulting to boundary
Change Field Settings Directly to New
Fielder in the corner mid-wicket region
excellent bowling
The wicketkeeper waiting was to hit on the
Stumps but well saved Mahesh Shetty
Five balls, five runs, one wicket
Strikers
that's a good strike
Excellent stop from Ramakrishnan de going
for two runs
Very good stop in the long of region widesh
long off fielder
1520 meters running for Ramakrishnan
So one over gon 7 for one unil
Strikers
Ramakrishnan is starting a bowling attack
with the wide
Looking for the Big One Outside Edge
They are looking for two runs
fielder standing at
Deep Backward Point
And two runs will be taken here on 10 for one.
That's Gone High in the Air
and taken would you believe it
And is that the umpire will check
Still Checking the Confirmation
and six runs given
We Thought Some Time It Would Be the Catch Has Been Taken
But no after confirmation after checking
That's gone for six good strikes
Excellent running to runes taken would you believe
It
In that one in the throw they got that second run
Two Runs Taken 18 for One
1.3 181
Just a Single
For That What Was That
I thought the ball would go towards
Leg side but going off side and four runs
unbelievable stuff this
Helicopter shot but off side region for four
Runs
If You're Watching on YouTube, It Will Be Really
Surprise to watch this what was that
23 for one
16 runs of the over
So the last ball is coming up
Just a single so 17 runs in that over and
That's a due factor will
Bit of trouble in the field settings bit of
Sloppy fielding so to go 24 for one
Unlight Strikers
So new bowler Dinesh Gurav
Inu The Bowling Attack
Last over of the innings
Very good binge only single run last five
Balls 25 for one
First over came to run second over came to 17
Runs
And now the third over in progress
This time the space has been cut. ball go
is being d in the region of the backward point.
We will have to be satisfied with just one run.
A last four ball first innings on 26.
Mahesh Shetty is on strike
The ball in the block hall is a great stop there.
Dragging yourself on the field
And with one run the car will move forward on 27
One last three balls in this first innings
What about Devdas Rane and a big fireworks display?
Already got that one big hit at
long on
This time he wanted to make a place and play but
Couldn't make time
batsman misses keeper misses
and one by
Last two balls at 28
This time the fielder has lifted the ball in the air
There's two of them fumbling a bit.
Runs going for the third run
And will be out, two runs will be taken here.
and out on the third run
30 for the last ball coming up off the first
innings
Last ball of the first innings
They will go for two for sure the throw at the
Strikers and they're going for one more run
that's out
So two runs three gone 32 for three
33 is the target to chase
I request for the coin toss for the
Next Match
Gallagher United
Versus a on
Match One Winner vs Match Two Winner or Match One
Winner
Gallagher United Match Two Winners
A on
First blow on the first ball
New batsman Ramakrishnan on non-strike
Nitin
33 runs in 17 balls.
Radhakrishnan will face the next ball.
Right round the wicket. Very good ball pull
Kia on the on side.
Fielder present there. Satisfied with a single run
have to do it.
Now Nitin is on strike.
Nitin is a very good batsman.
Let's see if we can make our team win.
Or not.
Next ball, gently push with light hands
Did
Settle for a single through the off side
Will have to.
And a very good ball, dot ball.
Fifth ball of this over
Then it was completely beaten and a little lightly
slow ball
Ramashna could not understand
Beaten by the pace of the ball
tried to hit it on the off side
Last ball of this over
5 balls 2 runs 1 wicket
The ball is hit to the off side. Miss shot. Third.
Man had to be satisfied with one run.
one over
Three runs.
30 runs needed in 12 balls.
very much
Bowled well in the power play.
Gave only three runs and took one wicket.
Second over of the match
Ramakrishnan on strike
It was a good ball. Beaten again but
Not only the batsman but the keeper was also beaten.
22 as one run umpire Naushad leg
Umpire Faya Sheikh
One over, one ball, four runs, one wicket
Next ball to Nitin from Pavilion End
Right arm over the wicket, very nice shot.
See the player under the ball and not stop it
found
Four runs on super cover
Nitin is a very good cover batsman. cover
But he plays very well.
Third ball of this over. One over, two balls, eight
Run one wicket. facing the next ball
Yes Nitin.
It was an overpitched ball.
Whom Nitin could not kill. Inside Edge Lake
a single run
Ramashannan on strike now
He is a very high-rated player.
The bat lip also holds up. want to see this
on the ball
ball
Once again Ramashna was sitting.
Radhakrishnan being stumped
One over, four balls, nine runs
and two wickets
24 runs to win in 8 balls
24 runs off eight balls
The fifth ball of this over is a good ball. Good
Coming out of length. Batsman understanding
Couldn't find it. The keeper did the rest.
very sensible
are bowling overs. Three runs in the first over
Was. Six runs have been scored in this over so far.
Last ball of this over
There was a beat once more.
Very good bowling.
24 runs off six balls.
Now Nitin is on strike.
Let's hurry up a bit.
Welcome
Last over of the match
Right round the wicket, first ball wide ball
23 runs off six balls.
Tried to hit it on the leg side but again a
wide ball
11 runs have been scored in two overs.
It was a good ball. Took a slight edge of the bat.
The keeper could not stop him.
Total score: 2 overs, 1 ball, 12 runs, 2 wickets
21 runs needed
21 runs off five balls
14 runs, two wickets
four balls
19 runs
Dinesh Strike
The fielder has to watch the shot hit on the off side
under the ball
Akshay fielded very well. by one run
Had to be satisfied with this. Now on strike
Nitin.
18 runs in three balls. All three long hits
Akshay. Very good fielding
Gave only one run.
This match was completely won by the fielding side.
has been taken into possession
and once again beat
Last ball of this over
Four runs on extras
Won this match by 12 runs
And now Mitesh ji
From the mouth of Mitesh ji in the com box
Listen to some good things.
Thank you very much Mr Om Singh you are very
He supported us well
The Match Between Gallagher United vs Aeon
An one wins the toss bowling first they are invited
Gallagher United to bat
So hello and welcome back ICICI
Lumbard Presents Proudly Presenting
Brokers Premier League Two and 26
Season Three
Looks like both the batters are looking like me
Karan Arjun will come after scoring runs.
So One More Match One More Exciting Game
Gallagher United taking up with the team at
Team A on one do the toss to field first and
Gallagher United
after four balls to no loss
Arjun Sharma and Ketan Gurav the opening pair
and Ankur Jain all the start proceedings
Oh that's wa good bowling inside edge lucky
Just a Single
Five balls only, three runs conceded by
Ankur Good Start
Very good over only three runs considered
By Ankur Gel One Was Gone Three Fools
Gallagher United
Captain Rahul Panchal Into The Attack
Starting with a wide and single run five
For No Loss 1.1
O that's a good strike straight
And four runs a fielder tried but that will run
away for four
a clean strike a straight as n
From
Ketan
Nine for No Loss
Once again up and over over the fielder
They will go for two runs
And to Rans Taken.
fire waxes something
To Gaurav Chetan Gurav
He is playing well and fire works on the
Sky
Oh Wow Once Again High in the Air and Time
Taken
To connect for big one not go proper
Elevation and good cash long on that's the
First wicket fall of Team Gallego United
Rahul Panchal Captain Strikes
1.4 71
That's Gone Miles in the Air and Well Taken
One more wicket in the name of Rahul
The Skipper
second wicket fall
So back to back wickets to was gone 11 for
Two
Vikas Yadav The New Better
And the New Beginning Siddhesh More
Single Taken by Arjun Sharma Now Vikas
Yadav will face the first ball
Swing and Miss Looking to Play Across the
Line Completely Beaten That's Good Being From
Siddhesh More
Going down the leg side for a wide bye
Mr. Om Singh
Just Tap and Play and Single Taken
15 for two
Only a single at long off
So only five runs considered by Siddhesh
More very good bowling
That's a good strike high in the air and o
The Fielder A Bit of Miss Judgement
and went for four
End of the over three gone it's 24 to Gallagher
United
And that's taken, that's a good catch at mid.
Wicket Region Third Third Wicket Fall and Shashank
Strikes very first ball 20 for three
Trying to More Spin Towards Going
Outside the offensive line for wide
And well taken good catch catch
We Thought the Ball Would Go Up and Over of the
covers fielder but no
He was standing to all and well taken good
Judgement that's one wicket fall of Galleg
United 23 for four
Shawshank Strikes Once Again Only Three Runs
Considered in four balls, he got two wickets
Looking for two runs but
Sent Back
Sanjay Mehra The New Better Off The Mark
Straight V Single Arjun Sharma No One
Strike last ball the fourth over
Just Guiding the Ball Towards That Shot Third
Man single to end of the over very good over
Just five runs and two wickets for Shashank
Four Gone 25 for Four Gallagher United
That stump out go on
Good stumping from Rahul Panchal behind
The Stumps.
So one wicket for the last ball coming up of the
First Innings 32 for five
And that was the end of the first innings.
Gone. 34 for five and 35 to win for the team
A on.
And we will take a short break and come back
State to Watch IC Brokers
ICOM presents brokers also found two and two
Six Season Three
Hello and welcome back once again 35 to Chase
For the Team N
And Once Again Mitesh Chauhan Rahul Panchal
Just One Run Considered So Far From
Devendra Kadu
Wow good bowling
Leg by will be yes leg by single by the
umpire
Devendra has started really well only to
Runs in the very first over, one run only
Counted in Name
O this time losing the mid of momentum down
wide to the leg side
And This Time Being Hammered for a Big One
that will run away for four runs
Full toss ball for the batsman Rahul Panchal
Skipper
He hits a fine boundary. One Has Gone
Seven for no loss and 28 needed in four overs
Run.
That's high in the air but safe they are going
for two runs
They will get to run
So Required and Current Run It Is Almost
Same seven runs every over
Important for the team is now to get a
Wicket and we're talking about the wicket, that's
The Wicket Gallagher United If They Want To Come
Back in the match, they need two quick wickets.
To break the momentum of Mitesh and Rahul
and Mitesh Chauhan Departs
1.2941
26 runs needed in the next 3.4 overs
And this time up an over very well played
Excellent stop but no sanjay de try his
Level Best
But that will go all the way for four runs.
Excellent shot from Siddhesh More First
Ball for four runs. 22 runs needed now
21 balls.
And there was a slight misjudgement of the fielder here.
From the side. But the best stop back
Is.
They're going for three
Three Runes Taken
19 runs in 20 balls
flip-flop shot
Innovation from Palti Head from Kevin Pittson
With the famous ad for the flip head shot
1.5 17 for 1 18 runs in 19 balls
That's a good strike. Will Get Only Single
Run.
No Need To Go For Some Big Hit Singles
Run will be okay for the team A on to gone 18
17 runs needed in three overs
That goes on high in the land safe between the
fielders
only a single
Siddhesh More And Royal Panchal
The Two Big Destructive Bats Batters They Can
Get Easy Runs Easy Singles
and win this match 16 runs 17 balls
And this timekeeper, Mrs.
that was a chance of catch
The Catch Has Been Drop Single Run
And clean bowled, good bowling very much.
More space was created and
Displaying the stumps and Venkatesh Choudhary
Strikes
It's important to break through at their very
Right Point of Time
15 balls and 15 runs
Meher Nayak The New Better
Full toss ball
Going for two runs chance for the run out and
The Ball Did Collect That Ball Could Be The Chance
For the big wicket of Royal Panchal
13 Rans
in 14 balls
A Quick Single Taken
13 balls and 12 runs
and very easy flick from Rahul Panchal to
Take a single to end of the over three g 24
For two and need 11 runs in two overs.
12 balls
Very crucial over, the over of the match coming
up 11 runs
Here We Go
Rahul Panchal The Captain of Team A on On
strike
The reverse shot has been fired. fielder's
The ball is going over the top but we will stop it.
Two runs will be taken here. excellent fielding
performance there
Nine runs needed. 11 balls now
And no one here would want the team.
That the match will be tied here Win
There will be victory
And no one would want a match here.
will go into a super over
Who will win and who will lose
will be
We have to see whether the run is in the form of leg bye or not.
No. The run is given as a leg bye.
Single
Eight runs and 10 balls.
Tried to stop but could not stop following
Every run through is very precious.
Seven runs are needed from the next nine balls.
And this time it has blown away. The ball is going.
Four runs outside the boundary line. with the night
Now take Team N
With this four runs. Only three runs now
need
In eight balls. Three Runs.
Every run is very precious.
Short format game.
Pushed lightly. A run is stolen.
Now they know there is no risk here.
Only two runs are needed in seven balls in this match
To win.
Ship in the Air Still Something to Chair for the
Team Galga United
Two runs needed in six balls now
That's one more wicket fall
check check
check check hello check hello check ok
Two runs in six balls
and the score is level
One run and five balls
Ankur Jain The New Batter on Strike
And with that single run
Still There Was a Chance Something But Single Run
Taken Completed That's a Victory for the
Team A won by seven wickets
And the last match now coming up of three
Overs: Match Three Winner vs Match Four Loser.
So match four loser we have the team gallery
United
Will Play With
Ul Strikers Captain and Gallagher
United Captain Three Overs Match for the
Point toss
So this is the last match of the day one and
First of all, I just want to ask how is the
Feeling?
How is the feeling? How did you like the match?
What to say about the tournament
Would you like to? This is excellent Under the Flood
Lights. Feeling very nice. of light on
Because when the catch is coming then there is a lot of problem.
This is also happening. There is also the due factor. Now!
Let's see how it is. How will the field work? Now!
How will the field play? How it is. Let's see.
Let's play. What Do You Want to Say About?
Your team performance? This match is very
It will be important for you.
or It's an Important Match and We Will
Play Well and Again Credits to Everyone
For arranging this. This is a great
Tournament. ok i wish you all the best both
The Captain Who Will Call
Gaelic United will call heads is a call
Heads came, we won the toss.
You will ball first okay I wish you all the
Best of three overs match last match of the day
One Gallagher United One The Toss Eid To Field
First bowling first
And yes as soon as possible
As we began, we will end.
Because we have to come back tomorrow. a powerful
Have to start. Sunday Special Strong Dhurandhar
The quarterfinals will begin. this is the
Last match of day one.
Unite Strikers Batters Come and Set
Up the Field Quickly. CalGround United.
Hello and welcome back once again ICICI
Lumb Presents Proudly Presents
ICICI Lam Proud Presents Brokers
Premier League
season 3 2
Here we go game on
First ball striking really well for four
Rans Madhav Kadam and Devdas Rane Venkatesh
Chowdhary
Started Presidings
It's very good bowling from Venkatesh
Trying to Get That Switched Shot
Four balls, six runs, no wickets.
Strikers
5 balls, 10 runs, no wickets
from Kadam
One Was Gone 11 for No Loss Unilite
Strikers you watching this live from
Fatima Grounds
And this is the last match of day one but
Tomorrow Will Resume Around 8:30 am - 9 am
Live from Go Live channel. So Press the Bell
Icon and subscribe to get that update
Once the stream started. so you will get
Auto notified. So subscribe and press the
Bell icon to get the updates of the day.
You will get auto notified on your mobile on
Your laptop,
On your iPad.
So forest dwelling
That's a good strike. Oh that's taken.
Good catch taken.
Sir, catch taken by
Is
12 after 1.1 for wide
That's a good strike will go for two runs
Is it out and to run
that's run out
And that's a good strike.
That will go all the way for four runs.
1.37 to
Two Unilite Strikers
Ketan Gurav to Mahesh Shetty
Just going outside the offline window
Once Again Back to Back Wides
No Ball Single Umpire
And Will Get One More Run That's One Run Gift
In the over throw no ball and coming up free
Hit to Extra
Added to the total of 21 for two free hit balls
Coming up Rahul Bati on strike
That Was Outside Edge
End Keeper
Not able to stop that ball will get a single
22 for two after 1.4 three overs game
And much win for both the teams
O drop that
We already have a team that is qualified in the
Quarter Finals and Let's See the Team Who
Wins from UNIL Strikers and Galeag
United will enter the qualifying
Ground
Just a Single Over Looking for Two and Mix
Up and this is this is a simple run out.
Suicidal run out.
That's a wicket fall. Number three.
Gone 24 for three Unilite Strikers
And coming on the last over of the first
innings
Let See Unite Strikers They Will Get
Maximum Rans They Can Get It and Wide Plus
Forest Run
Two runs coming extra 26 for three
As much as there is here
The strikers will give a tough fight here.
Galway United 26 for three
Akshay Pandey is now on strike for the first ball.
will face off Ashutosh Mate
Could not connect this time
Didn't fall from the vine here.
Luck is on my side.
Not just bells here. Not only the bells off
Happened. The bells did not fall.
The wicketkeeper had appealed. But the umpire
Tell me, look here, you don't have any bells.
If it falls, how will it get out?
28 for three
Still Fire Six Balls To Go
Four Rons They Got Extra
That's a good strike high in the air
And They Go for Two
30 for three
Last Five Balls Coming Up
And wow, high in the air chance
end drop
Two Runs More
32 for three
Last four balls coming up 32 for three
This time he has played backward square one
Bar fumbles a bit and takes two runs.
Excellent running
2.3 34 off three last three balls
Going down the leg side for a wide 35
Three last three balls 11 runs of the over
35 for three, this time he has made space and blown it away.
ball in the air
Will definitely go for two runs
And it turned out to be the most expensive over.
For United
13 runs from this over, three for 37, last two.
ball
The keeper ultimately missed the shot here.
Attempt to kill that will count as one by
Let's See
That Came From the Bat O They Are Going for One
More Run What's Happening
And that's good placement and single going
for two runs
And That Will Be the End of the First
Innings.
So after three overs
39 for five and 40 the target chase the team who
Vince will qualify in the quarterfinals
A much win for both the teams.
Need five 40s in three overs 39 to see
Whose government will be Gargar United and
Unilight Striker Stay Tuned The Live
Action: This is the last match of the day one and
Now Second Innings
42 Chase for Galgrove United
An team already qualified in the qualifying
Round Quarter Finals
Welcome Back Once Again 40 Runs to Chase For
Gallegar United Arjun Sharma on strike
Sagar On Non Strike Mahesh Shirt Will
Start. Not easy to chase 40 runs in three
Overs. This is the last match of the day one.
Live from Fatima Grounds. you are
Watching this live from the YouTube channel of Go
Live.
And starting with a good bowling. vent
For a dot ball.
They need a one good over. give at least five runs
Canley defend this total of 39
Mahesh Shetty
that's a good strike
The field is a bit sloppy because of the dew
factor but still very good stop but the
Fielder's only single
Very good stop at the backward region
Three balls to Runs no wicket 38 runs in 15
Balls
Bit of Tough to Chase for Gale Gallagher
United But Let's See What Arjun Sharma
And Sagar will do something special
That's a good strike into the gaps that
Will run away for four runs, yes four runs
4 balls 6 runs no wicket 34 runs now
14 balls to come
one for dot ball five ball six one loss good
Star From Mahesh Shetty
And to Rans Taken.
So one was gone at for no loss they need 32
Runs in 12 balls.
Back to back two wickets and that will go for
Four Runs
That's a good strike, big one, it was caught
In the air in the combox for me that's a
Good strike for six runs 22 for two
Target is 41
This is something to be cheering for: Sanjeev Sanjay
And that will go on for four more.
Excellent shot, back to back boundaries.
what a match this is what a match
excellent
Batting Bowling
very close
three ball 14 runs
what a match
Three Ball 14
Sagar has got one six
And will be interesting to watch
Need That One Big For Shor Rahul Baheti 10
Runs Given in First Three Balls
And 14 runs in coming three balls now needed
one dot ball
O that's a good strike what believe it
Wow
Six Runs What a Strike from Sagar
Weather Kar, whose arrival makes all bowlers go away
The fear is that the ocean weather is disturbing
Eight runs needed in two balls
And we thought this match would be
Yunil Stryker wins with ease
But they say the boat of fear crosses Lero
It does not happen. ever of those who try
There is no defeat. Eight runs needed in two balls
In. a big hit
And do we have to see a super over here?
will get?
Very crazy movement and look at this wide
Extras coming in, seven runs needed in two balls
The match has become very tough in conversation
Sagar Sanjay will talk. What will be the conversation?
He has given the mantra, he gave seven runs.
Sagar Mausamkar hit the ball hard.
The entire match has been turned around
will take some time will take some time 17 six
1426 in balls
A big hit, Sea Here We Go
And here
And will we get to see a super over?
Seven runs needed on the last ball, good bowling.
If Sagar hits a six, it will happen
Super Over
Wow
What a Match Give Me a Breather
Wow Fantastic Performances Seven Runs One Ball One
Six Scores Level And There Will Be A Super Over
Here We Go Rahul Susagar
And with that, that's a victory unleashed
Strikers
Take About
For Rahul Baheti
The Clash to Victory Unleashed
Strikers One by Six Runs
Entering into the quarter-finals the Team A
On in the quarterfinals and now it was
A Biggest Clash of Titans Ended Unlit
Strikers One by Six Runs Qualified
In the quarter-finals.
So that's the end of day one. we had a
Fantastic Day of ICI
Proudly Presenting Brokers Premier
League Two Two Six Season Three Myself Mish
Solanki signing of We'll See You Tomorrow